Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
All diseases run into one, old age.
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Every man over forty is a scoundrel.
Forty is the old age of youth fifty the youth of old age.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.
A man growing old becomes a child again.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
Age considers youth ventures.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Old age is no place for sissies.
It takes a long time to become young.
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.
Forty is the old age of youth, fifty is the youth of old age.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
Old age is fifteen years older than I am.
Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
The trick is growing up without growing old.
Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought.
I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
I'm happy to report that my inner child is still ageless.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
Age is how we determine how valuable you are.
Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle.
Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life.
If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
What makes old age so sad is not that our joys but our hopes cease.
Old age is a shipwreck.
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man.
No one can avoid aging, but aging productively is something else.
Oh rage! Oh despair! Oh age, my enemy!
Middle age is youth without levity, and age without decay.
No man is ever old enough to know better.
In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us.
We pay when old for the excesses of youth.
I'm not afraid of aging.
He has a profound respect for old age. Especially when it's bottled.
Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age.
There's no such thing as old age, there is only sorrow.
I get all fired up about aging in America.
There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within.
As men get older, the toys get more expensive.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seem to characterize our age.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
A man loves the meat in his youth that he cannot endure in his age.
In every country and every age, the priest had been hostile to Liberty.
The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next.
The golden age is before us, not behind us.
No woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
Old age is just a record of one's whole life.
Education is the best provision for old age.
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.
We aren't in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
A woman has the age she deserves.
He who has not the spirit of this age, has all the misery of it.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.
Age merely shows what children we remain.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
I was born at the age of twelve on an MGM lot.
How young can you die of old age?
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
If youth knew if age could.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
Publishing is in a kind of Jurassic age.
Youth has no age.
Youth is a blunder Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.
In youth we learn in age we understand.
I have the problems of, I must confess, old age.
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter.
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth.
The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved.
Old age: the crown of life, our play's last act.
One crowded hour of glorious life is worth an age without a name.
Rashness belongs to youth prudence to old age.
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.
The defects of the mind, like those of the face, grow worse with age.
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.
The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Life, an age to the miserable, and a moment to the happy.
We are always the same age inside.
Old age is when the liver spots show through your gloves.
What is an adult? A child blown up by age.
I am of a healthy long lived race, and our minds improve with age.
The wisdom of age: don't stop walking.
Martha GrahamGeorge W. BushHenry MillerFrank Lloyd WrightSamuel JohnsonMichel de MontaigneRichard DawkinsJohn GalsworthyW. Somerset MaughamNoel CowardWill DurantElton JohnSara BlakelyLord ByronWashington IrvingWashington IrvingAlanis MorissetteJohnny BallAndre MauroisBonoCarl SandburgGeorge BurnsF. Scott FitzgeraldWalter ScottReinhold NiebuhrWilliam OslerJohn Henrik ClarkeHerman CainSophoclesWhitney HoustonStendhalMichel FoucaultWilliam WordsworthGore VidalCindy CrawfordJohn W. GardnerVirginia WoolfW. Somerset MaughamYou should not consider a man's age but his acts.
At my age flowers scare me.
I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.
It is not well to make great changes in old age.
Setting a good example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age.
Young men soon give, and soon forget, affronts old age is slow in both.
To be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us.
Marriage is not about age it's about finding the right person.
Old age is the verdict of life.
Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
I don't care about age very much.
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
I think age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Old age: I fall asleep during the funerals of my friends.
Staid middle age loves the hurricane passions of opera.
Middle age went by while I was mourning for my lost youth.
Not even old age knows how to love death.
It is not by the gray of the hair that one knows the age of the heart.
Age carries all things away, even the mind.
Age steals away all things, even the mind.
I smoke ten to fifteen cigars a day. At my age I have to hold on to something.
I'm at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.
Invention is the talent of youth, as judgment is of age.
Age does not matter if the matter does not age.
Ours is essentially a tragic age, so we refuse to take it tragically.
Ours is an excessively conscious age. We know so much, we feel so little.
One keeps forgetting old age up to the very brink of the grave.
Women lie about their age men lie about their income.
Christopher HitchensI think love can happen at any age... it has no age.I'm inspired by people who keep on rolling, no matter their age.By Time and Age full many things are taught.Revenge is the naked idol of the worship of a semi-barbarous age.Man arrives as a novice at each age of his life.Live your life and forget your age.The surest sign of age is loneliness.We accumulate our opinions at an age when our understanding is at its weakest.Age, like distance lends a double charm.Now is the age of anxiety.Old age is the most unexpected of all things that happen to a man.I'm not as far along as Jack Nicklaus was at this age, but I'm trying.Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.I wish I'd gotten sober at a younger age.They that have lived a single day have lived an age.
In my old age, I'll be in L.A.
I shall not grow conservative with age.
Where children are, there is the golden age.
I came to water late. I learned to swim at the age of 20.
Does age matter? Time doesn't matter.
We were really grown up for our age and it was an incredible special band.
I've gotten crankier in my old age.
Death comes not to the living soul, nor age to the loving heart.
Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
The Word of fire burns today On the lips of our prophets in an evil age.
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
I want to age with some dignity.
People dance at any age.
I've never worried about age.
To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares?
If you're extremely, painfully frightened of age, it shows.
Let age, not envy, draw wrinkles on thy cheeks.
Larry HagmanAt my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly.I always wanted to be a designer. I read books on fashion from the age of 12.Look, demanding somebody do anything in this day and age is not going to fly.I was very successful from a very early age, and I want to keep it.When you get to a certain age, there is no coming back.Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age.I think I'm past the age of getting lost.I conceived in art college at the age of 20, near the end of term.People tend to become more emotionally intelligent as they age and mature.
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.
Age has been the perfect fire extinguisher for flaming youth.
At my age, no one is married, no one has kids, no one has a career.
One of the many pleasures of old age is giving things up.
There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance.
Even one voice can be heard loudly all over the world in this day and age.
At this age, I should be leading a quiet life.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.
I believe the true function of age is memory. I'm recording as fast as I can.
There probably aren't a lot of actors my age who tap dance.
I am a grandmother now, and that means age is creeping on, creeping on.
American Idol transcends age, gender, ethnicity, everything.
I was born at the age of twelve on a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer lot.
Compared to a lot of actresses my age, I'm actually overweight.
Age for me is just a number.
Some of your teachers are actually closer in age to you than you think.
I didn't have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.
To me, old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
I grew up on the golden age of children's TV.
Pretend to be dumb, that's the only way to reach old age.
At my age, I don't think anyone is untouched by cancer.
It's hard for women at my age in Hollywood, but I'm not discouraged.
A great age of literature is perhaps always a great age of translations.
I am at that age when you panic at the slightest thing.
I don't want to look at other people my age in leather. Why would I put it on?
Middle age: when you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms.
The greatest writers of this age... are aware of the mystery of our existence.
At my age it is unseemly to be pessimistic.
Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.
Old age is an insult. It's like being smacked.
There's a small club of women who are willing to age.
I feel more mature than most people my age.
Age does not bring you wisdom, age brings you wrinkles.
Maybe I'll be a feminist in my old age.
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
Parenting is an impossible job at any age.
Genius worship is the inevitable sign of an uncreative age.
I appreciate and enjoy my age.
I want to sell to people my own age, because that's the way I write songs.
It's only at this age that I can say the word 'art' without flinching.
Age acquires no value save through thought and discipline.
Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternative.
I nearly died of double bronchial pneumonia at the age of five.
In the age of television, image becomes more important than substance.
They say eyes clear with age.
I don't mind my age.
Writers obviously have to bear witness to the harsh face of the age.
Stop living a day at a time and stop worrying about age.
I am 54 and age is slowly writing itself on my face.
I've watched my peers get better with age and hoped that would happen with me.
Second to agriculture, humbug is the biggest industry of our age.
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places.
I was very sexual from a very young age.
And I'm not as young as I once was. At my age, I don't have time to be bored.
I was equally in love with singing and acting from an early age.
Listen, in England people are already writing their memoirs at the age of 23.
The first feminine feature that goes, with advancing age, is the neck.
You just never know when you're living in a golden age.
I feel like women are asked their age more than men.
We live in an age of mediocrity.
One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb.
Men of my age live in a state of continual desperation.
You watch yourself age and it's hard to feel like a sex symbol.
Old age and sickness bring out the essential characteristics of a man.
What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.
Alone we can do so little together we can do so much.
I restore myself when I'm alone.
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone.
If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company.
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life.
If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone.
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone.
The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.
Living alone makes it harder to find someone to blame.
As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.
All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.
Even in the presence of others he was completely alone.
I have so many different personalities in me and I still feel lonely.
Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one.
As I get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone.
I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life.
A man content to go to heaven alone will never go to heaven.
Remember we're all in this alone.
Absolutely lonely people have few personal interactions of any kind.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Don't go away. I don't want to be alone. I can't stand being alone.
Being alone is very difficult.
I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
Only the lonely know the way I feel tonight.
The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
All of our unhappiness comes from our inability to be alone.
When the people you love are gone, you're alone.
You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
If you're going to put yourself above everybody else, you might end up alone.
By all means use some time to be alone.
I think I jump around more when I'm alone.
When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument.
I'm happily single.
You're only lonely if you're not there for you.
When everything is lonely I can be my best friend.
A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable.
Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth.
You only grow when you are alone.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far.
I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone.
One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more.
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
I am alone I am always alone no matter what.
The doer alone learneth.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
Man is a creature who lives not upon bread alone, but primarily by catchwords.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.
Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone.
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.
No nation can meet the world's challenges alone.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone.
Work alone is noble.
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.
The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory.
I want to be alone.
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.
He travels the fastest who travels alone.
It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.
The most boring scenes are the scenes where a character is alone.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.
A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people.
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
Better be alone than in bad company.
On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people and then I go home alone.
Change alone is unchanging.
Plant and your spouse plants with you weed and you weed alone.
Harry Connick, Jr.The words of the Bible, and the Bible alone, should be heard from the pulpit.Down to Gehenna, or up to the Throne, He travels the fastest who travels alone.Health consists with temperance alone.We learn about life not from plusses alone, but from minuses as well.Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.I need to do things on my own, need to be left alone.It is very easy to love alone.Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.I don't even know how to use a parking meter, let alone a phone box.Rigid, the skeleton of habit alone upholds the human frame.The rewards of virtue alone abide secure.Never trust a man, who when left alone with a tea cosey... Doesn't try it on.Genius begins great works labor alone finishes them.Man cannot live by bread alone he must have peanut butter.I cannot live under pressures from patrons, let alone paint.Victims always feel alone and helpless.I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing.When thinking about companions gone, we feel ourselves doubly alone.It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.The strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone.Recommend to your children virtue that alone can make them happy, not gold.
True thoughts are those alone which do not understand themselves.
No harm comes to man from outside alone: dumbness is the objective spirit.
We're all in this alone.
It's motive alone which gives character to the actions of men.
Slump, and the world slumps with you. Push, and you push alone.
I think it's interesting that 'cologne' rhymes with 'alone.'
The strong man is strongest when alone.
Testing oneself is best when done alone.
Love alone could waken love.
I need, absolutely, to be alone.
On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.
Alone I'm nothing.
I don't like being in houses alone.
We neither laugh alone, nor weep alone, why then should we pray alone?
All we ask is to be let alone.
As strong as the United States is, we can't deal with terrorism alone.
Work alone will efface the footsteps of work.
A steady patriot of the world alone, The friend of every country but his own.
Men, even when alone, lighten their labors by song, however rude it may be.
After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.
I never knew I'd be in a musical, let alone win an award for one.
Schizophrenia beats dining alone.
When I get into bed at night, I hope I don't get into it alone!
I'm so accustomed to being alone.
Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.
I was never less alone than when by myself.
Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds?
I am alone, some people help me, but, basically, I can do what I want.
Costumes and scenery alone will not attract audiences.
Successful crimes alone are justified.
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
The writer is all alone.
Never to lie is to have no lock on your door, you are never wholly alone.
Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.
If man knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
I don't like being alone.
I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.
From 18 to 22, I was alone, living in L.A. with a bunch of friends, partying.
To be adult is to be alone.
My learning process is by eye alone it's not at all scientific.
No one should be left to suffer alone.
When you work alone, you need to socialize at some level.
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.
When the traveler goes alone he gets acquainted with himself.
Virtue alone has majesty in death.
I'm fiercely independent, but I'm also terrified of being alone.
Let me alone, and go in search of someone else.
No one chooses to raise children alone.
Most bands don't even last fourteen months let alone fourteen years.
I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script.
It's an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.
I'm never less at leisure than when at leisure, or less alone than when alone.
I have my best ideas when I am alone.
Buddhism notes that it is always a mistake to think your soul can go it alone.
Man cannot live by incompetence alone.
In the country of pain we are each alone.
Let your mind alone, and see what happens.
I rise to taste the dawn, and find that love alone will shine today.
If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
I think Mr. Wilson will have to be the rest of the way alone.
The object of oratory alone in not truth, but persuasion.
Thomas MoreYou can't play a symphony alone, it takes an orchestra to play it.Of all our possessions, wisdom alone is imortal.What good is sitting all alone in your room?A career is all very well, but no one lives by work alone.This is nourishing, redemptive we become less alone inside.I would say, 'I'm alone, but I'm not lonely.' But I was just kidding myself.He who does not fill his world with phantoms remains alone.So many people suffer from abuse, and suffer alone.I was born to be alone, and I always shall be but now I want to be.We're all outsiders in a way. We're all alone and can become very lonely.I feel less alone when I read the books of Ratzinger.I still don't like going to bed alone.I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.Other nations use 'force' we Britons alone use 'Might'.The only people who like to live alone more than comics are priests.I like my life alone.The Lord had the wonderful advantage of being able to work alone.Your life is yours and yours alone. Rise up and live it.I never wanted to go on stage alone because if you mess up, who can you blame?Now, on nights that I can't sleep, I play video games alone until the morning.Why can't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone.Autobiography begins with a sense of being alone. It is an orphan form.For an adult, eating alone at McDonald's is admitting a kind of defeat.Every three days on average, I am alone on stage, facing the public.The Jew does not wish to be isolated. He fears being alone, without allies.Artists walk alone.I'm so secluded. Very alone.I like to read books and be alone I'm not social butterfly person.The White House alone cannot hold its opponents accountable.But Socialism, alone, can bring self-determination of their peoples.By being friends with all, we are not alone.No man is an island. No man stands alone.In a world that i"
John Naisbitt
We enter the world alone, we leave the world alone.
There is no one looking out for us. We are all alone.
The U.S. cannot go it alone simply when it is convenient.
I would rather be alone and a loud voice for action than be silent.
She can't even chew gum and walk in a straight line, let alone write a book.
The power that is supported by force alone will have cause often to tremble.
Remember, the burden of sorrow is doubled when it is borne alone.
He never is alone that is accompanied with noble thoughts.
We are ultimately alone in that we are ultimately responsible for ourselves.
It can be kind of gruesome at times, making things alone.
I love photo sessions. I'm alone, I'm the queen, everyone's taking care of me.
I never thought a basketball shoe would be named after a woman, let alone me.
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is born vanquished.
Most photographers work best alone, myself included.
Absolute truth belongs to Thee alone.
If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay.
I can barely remember what I wrote yesterday, let alone 10 years ago.
For each one of us stands alone in the midst of a universe.
You are forever alone.
Your thoughts and emotions are yours alone.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
It's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy.
I feel like I have had the most amazing life in my public service.
I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error.
People never cease to amaze me.
Write in recollection and amazement for yourself.
It's amazing how, over time, a person's perspective can be altered.
It's amazing, if you know what you want to say, how fast it is to write.
I'm always amazed at anyone's interest in what I have to say.
When the youth of America gets together, amazing things happen.
Nothing amazes me anymore.
Isn't it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?
I like pens. My writing is so amazing there's never a need to erase.
I am constantly amazed by Tina Fey. And I am Tina Fey.
Amazement awaits us at every corner.
The body can do amazing things in a situation when it is really called for.
You would be amazed what the ordinary guy knows.
In 29 years, I had recorded over 2,200 songs. I was amazed.
It's amazing to me that young people will still pick up a cigarette.
It's the most amazing feeling to hold your child in your arms.
To me, when a great band is playing together, it's amazing for me.
To feel the presence of the Lord is an amazing thing.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
It's amazing how people will give when you don'"
I still think that movies are amazing I respect actors and directors.
It's an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.
I think having children is the most amazing thing.
My mother is the coolest, most amazing person I know.
Once the kids are in school, it's amazing what you can do.
I work with all these amazing voice actors that do a kajillion voices.
Kellan LutzIt's amazing how much you can absorb on a film set.
I love Louisiana. It's amazing.
Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, don't you think?
Linda Georgian is a wonderful psychic. She can do amazing things.
Going to a concert is so overwhelming and the energy is amazing.
The current Babe Ruth of improv? Sacha Baron Cohen. He's pretty amazing.
My father is an amazing man.
I have a wonderful husband. I have three amazing kids.
My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends.
To go to the Oscars for 'Moneyball' - that was pretty amazing.
Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life.
I love insects. They are amazing.
Beyonce is the most amazing woman in the world.
Nobody has it all, but for me to even come close is amazing.
Everything that has happened to me has been amazing and surprising.
Well, what I love about '80s rock music is the amazing, fantastic melodies.
It's amazing what sleep does for your looks.
Well, I'd love to work with Kate Winslet - she's amazing.
Laurieann GibsonIt's pretty amazing being me.I always use my husband's cocoa butter stuff. He has amazing skin!I have an amazing relationship with food.It feels amazing to work with writers that write really well.Isn't it amazing how celebrity status preempts even the most ingrained hatreds?That show, 'The Amazing Race' - is that about white people?I grew up in a Christian home with amazing parents.Elizabeth Taylor. In her heyday, she was amazing.Elle MacPherson is absolutely amazing she is just so beautiful.So much of 'Jaws' was amazing because the mind filled in what was missing.It is amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.Most actors want to sink their teeth into amazing material.But I think Hillary Clinton is one of the most amazing women of this time.Watching Bernadette Peters perform is like an acting class. She's amazing.The unconditional love for you child, it's truly amazing.People are doing amazing things right now on the Web.I've seen Bruno Mars before, he's amazing.Alison Lohman is an amazing actress. I was so proud to work with her.There's no question 'Amazing Race' is a beautifully produced show.The way that people show me love on Twitter? I don't know man. It's amazing.It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.Emmanuel Lewis was amazing to work with. I'll love that guy to the end of time.My dream car would be a Maserati. That would be amazing.I do like athletes as they have amazing self-discipline.I suppose it's amazing how quick life goes by when you have children.Pebble Beach. It is tough and the lay out is amazing.I had a great time with John Duigan he's pretty amazing.I have a great family, I live an amazing life.Zachary LeviI'd love to work with Sufjan Stevens. He so gets it. He's amazing.We used to go to Studio 54 - an amazing place.When you're true to who you are, amazing things happen.It's amazing what some people read into songs.I really think it is amazing that people actually buy software.We have an amazing fan base all around the world that love 40FT.I'm the poster boy for Propecia. It's amazing.I had an amazing childhood.Croatia is an amazing place.Being a parent is amazing.L.A. Woman is amazing, but when I was growing up I was into the Who.Alan Cumming is such an amazing performer and person.They are amazing kids so we let them make decisions but also have discipline.People like Frank Zappa were amazing for us Brits.It's amazing that this is all happening to Lost in Space.Mark Conseulos is so amazing.Southern California, they have been amazing. They're totally with us.
New Orleans in an amazing town.
Any day acting is an amazing day.
Joey Lauren AdamsIt's pretty amazing to me that my first hit record was an Elvis Presley record.It's just amazing to do something that's part of a pop culture phenomenon.It's amazing how everyone has an opinion on how you should live your life.It's amazing to see places like Madison Square Garden on the schedule again.The opportunity, number one, to work with Ang Lee is an amazing thing for me.It's amazing how stress keeps you trim.Just going on the road and entertaining the fans, that's amazing.I have three dogs, a cat, fish. I'm a huge animal lover. They're amazing.I love voice over! I just think it is amazing!It's every little girl's dream to have an exact look-alike doll. It's amazing.Yoga's an amazing release.This band has never had an argument. It's just amazing.The '60s were an amazing time.To win one Moonman is amazing, to win two is incredible.I love heels... whoever created heels is amazing!It was an amazing experience to work with Michael Jackson, who is a legend.Luckily, I have some amazing friends.It's amazing what a spray-on tan will do.I spent well over a year on the road with Sarah Vaughn. That was amazing.It's the most amazing cast, a dream cast. We laugh all the time.I feel fortunate. I've really gotten to work with amazing talented peopl"
Armie Hammer
Usher is amazing. He's perfection to me as a performer. He gets down.
I am auditioning again - getting back to theatre would be amazing.
New York is the coolest city. The place just never sleeps. It's amazing.
It's the degree of success and the length of time that is amazing.
Music makes your soul feel amazing while you're performing it.
My family is just an amazing melting pot of wonderful religions and faiths.
It's amazing the hours you pull when you're the lead of a show.
Ted Danson is amazing. He's incredible.
It's been an amazing year of individual performances.
It's just amazing that there are so many prejudices even now.
To make a couple putts to win the Masters is just an amazing feeling.
It is amazing that it is my destiny to be the first Aussie to win the Masters.
I have the most amazing support network around me.
Maggie Smith is an amazing woman, and not as serious in real life.
I think Andrew Stanton is such an amazing, creative mind.
It's amazing... to enjoy the results of your labor.
I think Gina Rowlands is an amazing actress.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.
When angry, count to four when very angry, swear.
When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
Get mad, then get over it.
He who angers you conquers you.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Hatred is an affair of the heart contempt that of the head.
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.
Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Anger is a short madness.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Always write angry letters to your enemies. Never mail them.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
He that would be angry and sin not, must not be angry with anything but sin.
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul.
Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.
Revenge is often like biting a dog because the dog bit you.
Fair peace becomes men ferocious anger belongs to beasts.
Keep cool anger is not an argument.
Discussion is an exchange of knowledge an argument an exchange of ignorance.
Expressing anger is a form of public littering.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
There's nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively.
Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.
Anger cannot be dishonest.
Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Anger is like those ruins which smash themselves on what they fall.
Hatred is inveterate anger.
Hatred is settled anger.
Be modest, humble, simple. Control your anger.
Lawyers are men who hire out their words and anger.
The flame of anger, bright and brief, sharpens the barb of love.
The opposite of anger is not calmness, its empathy.
People are unjust to anger - it can be enlivening and a lot of fun.
Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one.
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.
Like fragile ice anger passes away in time.
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest.
The bare recollection of anger kindles anger.
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.
Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge.
All through life I've harbored anger rather than expressed it at the moment.
My passion and energy get mistaken for anger.
Your anger is a gift.
Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be.
I have some anger issues.
Anger tears me up inside... My own... or anyone else's.
I'm not someone who feels anger on particular issues.
Anger is a good motivator.
Anger is a momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you.
He best keeps from anger who remembers that God is always looking upon him.
When you learn that a truth is a lie, anger follows.
I had a lot of anger because I wasn't happy with the way I had been raised.
To rule one's anger is well to prevent it is better.
The anger of lovers renews their love.
Life is precious and there's not a lot of room for anger.
I've purged myself of bitterness and anger and remained open to love.
Anger is a transient hatred or at least very like it.
I've spent a lot of time and money trying to keep my anger in control.
The anger of a person who is strong, can always bide its time.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.
Keep your temper. A decision made in anger is never sound.
The Anger Management Tour was another beautiful thing. I loved that tour.
I've always turned my anger inwards towards self-destruction.
Anger's not a good emotion.
I like people and get along, and I'm afraid to express my anger and my rage.
I was shocked at the anger toward me.
Whoever incites anger has a strong insurance against indifference.
You can survive with anger, but you can't live with it forever.
Our humor turns our anger into a fine art.
I don't have the feeling of being motivated by anger, revenge or frustration.
Anger is seldom without argument but seldom with a good one.
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
A lot of good love can happen in ten years.
The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.
Married people from my generation are like an endangered species!
That there's no more important decision in life than who you marry.
Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply.
June 2005 is the five year anniversary of the debut of Battle Pope.
We shape our buildings thereafter they shape us.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
I don't build in order to have clients. I have clients in order to build.
A building has integrity just like a man. And just as seldom.
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Architecture should speak of its time and place, but yearn for timelessness.
Less is more.
I don't divide architecture, landscape and gardening to me they are one.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
The higher the building the lower the morals.
A house is a machine for living in.
I believe that the way people live can be directed a little by architecture.
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.
Form follows profit is the aesthetic principle of our times.
Warmth isn't what minimalists are thought to have.
But the building's identity resided in the ornament.
I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach?
Every building is a prototype. No two are alike.
The loftier the building, the deeper must the foundation be laid.
Architecture is a visual art, and the buildings speak for themselves.
What people want, above all, is order.
Not many architects have the luxury to reject significant things.
Cities are the greatest creations of humanity.
If I have a style, I am not aware of it.
Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building.
Form follows function.
My buildings don't speak in words but by means of their own spaciousness.
Designed by architects with honorable intentions but hands of palsy.
Buildings should serve people, not the other way around.
My buildings will be my legacy... they will speak for me long after I'm gone.
I have designed the most buildings of any living American architect.
I am but an architectural composer.
They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar.
I call architecture frozen music.
Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions.
Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over.
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Architecture begins where engineering ends.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
No architecture is so haughty as that which is simple.
Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space.
All real education is the architecture of the soul.
Architecture theory is very interesting.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
The principle of the Gothic architecture is infinity made imaginable.
I see music as fluid architecture.
Does an architecture to assuage the spirit have a place?
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
If architecture is frozen music then music must be liquid architecture.
I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.
I strive for an architecture from which nothing can be taken away.
Japanese architecture is very much copied in this country and in Europe.
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Victorian architecture in the United States was copied straight from England.
The speed of change makes you wonder what will become of architecture.
We all love musical architecture there's no doubt about that.
Architecture in general is frozen music.
Bridges are perhaps the most invisible form of public architecture.
I don't know why I've always been so captivated by architecture.
Architecture is inhabited sculpture.
Architecture is about public space held by buildings.
Architecture is a slow business, and city planning even slower.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
I quit college. I was studying architecture for about a year.
It is not with architecture that one can disseminate any political ideology.
Architecture is invention.
An important work of architecture will create polemics.
I don't believe in morality in architecture.
I have no requirements for a style of architecture.
Each new situation requires a new architecture.
I like to play with architecture! It's my favorite game.
I think architecture has to be a gift.
Architecture is politics.
Architecture aims at Eternity.
Revived in this country the long forgotten beauties of Gothic architecture.
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
Every artist was first an amateur.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Pictures must not be too picturesque.
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
We have art in order not to die of the truth.
Art is the proper task of life.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Art is not a thing it is a way.
You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
A picture is a poem without words.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
Personality is everything in art and poetry.
Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art.
In art as in love, instinct is enough.
Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.
Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere.
In art the best is good enough.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century.
All art is but imitation of nature.
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good.
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.
Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art.
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
If we could but paint with the hand what we see with the eye.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears.
I cry out for order and find it only in art.
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Art is man's expression of his joy in labor.
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
Art for art's sake is a philosophy of the well-fed.
Every good painter paints what he is.
The history of art is the history of revivals.
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
So vast is art, so narrow human wit.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
The waking mind is the least serviceable in the arts.
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century.
What art offers is space - a certain breathing room for the spirit.
Pictures deface walls more often than they decorate them.
Art is science made clear.
Rules and models destroy genius and art.
Immature artists imitate. Mature artists steal.
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth.
All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Things are beautiful if you love them.
I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
Of all lies, art is the least untrue.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
The artist belongs to his work, not the work to the artist.
Art is the daughter of freedom.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
The perfection of art is to conceal art.
My painting does not come from the easel.
Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
Drawing is like making an expressive gesture with the advantage of permanence.
Art is a revolt against fate. All art is a revolt against man's fate.
Wherever art appears, life disappears.
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs.
I like to pretend that my art has nothing to do with me.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
To make pictures big is to make them more powerful.
My hand is the extension of the thinking process - the creative process.
That's the motivation of an artist - to seek attention of some kind.
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.
I think about my work every minute of the day.
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
By the work one knows the workman.
Art doesn't transform. It just plain forms.
Mournful and yet grand is the destiny of the artist.
Artists don't make objects. Artists make mythologies.
The principle of art is to pause, not bypass.
Trying to force creativity is never good.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
Vision is the true creative rhythm.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing.
I think an artist's responsibility is more complex than people realize.
Painting is by nature a luminous language.
A painting that is well composed is half finished.
Artists themselves are not confined, but their output is.
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Light in Nature creates the movement of colors.
Art in Nature is rhythmic and has a horror of constraint.
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man.
The more horrifying this world becomes, the more art becomes abstract.
Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
You begin with the possibilities of the material.
Culture is the arts elevated to a set of beliefs.
I paint with shapes.
I was the least Pop of all the Pop artists.
I realize that protest paintings are not exactly in vogue, but I've done many.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
All art is quite useless.
There's no art to find the mind's construction in the face.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.
Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
When art dresses in worn-out material it is most easily recognized as art.
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.
Art raises its head where creeds relax.
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.
Envy is the art of counting the other fellow's blessings instead of your own.
Politics is the art of controlling your environment.
You use a glass mirror to see your face you use works of art to see your soul.
The art of government is the organisation of idolatry.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
When you create art, the world has to wait.
To catch a husband is an art to hold him is a job.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
It is after all the greatest art to limit and isolate oneself.
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.
To my mind the old masters are not art their value is in their scarcity.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
All in the Family was intellectual it was art.
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
Art never improves, but... the material of art is never quite the same.
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.
In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
What is art? Nature concentrated.
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
History develops, art stands still.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
Really I don't like human nature unless all candied over with art.
Where thou art, that is home.
I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
Land really is the best art.
Criticism is the art of appraising others at one's own value.
To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.
Patience is the art of hoping.
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.
Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.
The true art of memory is the art of attention.
It's clever, but is it Art?
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.
The greatness of art is not to find what is common but what is unique.
All nature is but art unknown to thee.
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
My trade and art is to live.
Art begins in imitation and ends in innovation.
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
Space is the breath of art.
Art does not reproduce what we see rather, it makes us see.
If thou art a master, be sometimes blind if a servant, sometimes deaf.
Art is an attempt to integrate evil.
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.
One science only will one genius fit so vast is art, so narrow human wit.
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well.
The first mistake of art is to assume that it's serious.
Lying just for the fun of it is either art or pathology.
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
All good art is an indiscretion.
Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
Art is the objectification of feeling.
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
The art of creation is older than the art of killing.
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.
The love of all-inclusiveness is as dangerous in philosophy as in art.
If you are going to break a Law of Art, make the crime interesting.
The art of pleasing consists in being pleased.
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art.
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.
You want to be a bit compulsive in your art or craft or whatever you do.
People believe that photographs are true and therefore cannot be art.
Art seduces, but does not exploit.
An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all.
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.
The idea is, if I can't heal from my art, then how can you heal?
I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person.
What is art? Prostitution.
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
I don't have anything to say about other people's art and their work.
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
Resolve and thou art free.
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
Egotism: The art of seeing in yourself what others cannot see.
Art is anything you can get away with.
To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.
The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.
Life is short, the art long.
Everything that has ever been called folk art has always reflected domination.
Don't be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation.
It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.
Art lies by its own artifice.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
Art is so subjective, and people can react however they want.
I am more a friend of art than a producer of painting.
A frenzied passion for art is a canker that devours everything else.
The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies.
I've always said that an art critic can put aside politics around art.
The art gods cooked up something special for James Ensor.
All art comes from other art, and all immigrants come from other places.
When art wins, everyone wins.
Art is good, bad, boring, ugly, useful to us or not.
Recessions are hard on people, but they are not hard on art.
I like that the art world isn't regulated.
Money is something that can be measured art is not. It's all subjective.
Art usually only makes the news in America when the subject is money.
I hate art auctions.
Jerry SaltzArt is a marriage of the conscious and the unconscious.Once you take yourself too seriously the art will suffer.Art is not a pastime but a priesthood.The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.The cult of art gives pride one never has too much of it.Love the art in yourself and not yourself in the art.Art and science have their meeting point in method.Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.A nation devoid of art and artists cannot have a full existence.It's an art to live with pain... mix the light into gray.Art is born of humiliation.Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.I got my diploma from Ealing College of Art, in graphics and illustration.Diplomacy, n. is the art of letting somebody else have your way.Who would dare assign to art the sterile function of imitating nature?Art is always criticized and always an outsider gets the blame.Medicine is a science of uncertainty and an art of probability.Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.I don't believe in art. I believe in artists.Art is like a border of flowers along the course of civilization.The art of pleasing is the art of deception.It is from the womb of art that criticism was born.Art is not living. It is the use of living.The work of art is a scream of freedom.Education is the art of making man ethical.I don't watch television, I think it destroys the art of talking about oneself.Film in the 20th century, it's the American art form, like jazz.Nature is the art of God.Art is Art. Everything else is everything else.All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.I've got tonnes of aboriginal and Native American art, but I'd like even more.I don't want life to imitate art. I want life to be art.I think most art comes out of poverty and hard times.Your talent is your art. It is not to be taken for granted.Censorship is to art as lynching is to justice.Art is the most passionate orgy within man's grasp.Art cannot result from sophisticated, frivolous, or superficial effects.I'm not interested in pop art.Rule of art: Cant kills creativity!Originality is the art of concealing your source.I don't need the money, dear. I work for art.When hospitality becomes an art it loses its very soul.Art is our chief means of breaking bread with the dead.The art of interpretation is not to play what is written.Art is the signature of civilizations.
Translation is the art of failure.
Life is very nice, but it lacks form. It's the aim of art to give it some.
Raising children is a creative endeavor, an art rather than a science.
Success and the art of making music are two different things for me.
People criticized me for my photography. They said it's not art.
I went to art school actually when I was sixteen years old.
Real popular culture is folk art - coalminers' songs and so forth.
Art is vice. You don't marry it legitimately, you rape it.
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.
Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.
Interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art.
To me, art supplies are always okay to buy.
Art is something to be proud of. Art is no compromise.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
The new job of art is to sit on the wall and get more expensive.
Art must take reality by surprise.
I have a small house so I borrow everything except art, that's what I love.
Art is the concrete representation of our most subtle feelings.
If you cannot learn to love real art at least learn to hate sham art.
Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art.
Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist.
All I owe the world is my art.
More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible.
If only life could be a little more tender and art a little more robust.
There's no being wrong in seeing something in art, only being disagreed with.
I think good art does come from a dark place.
Literature has drawn a funny perimeter that other art forms haven't.
Reading is an art form, and every man can be an artist.
What I'm doing is art - it's low-brow art but there's a magic in that.
Art allows people a way to dream their way out of their struggle.
I realize that every picture isn't a work of art.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
What is art but a way of seeing?
Any fool can have bad luck the art consists in knowing how to exploit it.
Good art provides people with a vocabulary about things they can't articulate.
Art may imitate life, but life imitates TV.
The worst state of affairs is when science begins to concern itself with art.
I was the hero of the young insurgent working class art movement.
The art of being sick is not the same as the art of getting well.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
I love to collect modern art.
When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.
Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk.
Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art.
Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down.
Magic becomes art when it has nothing to hide.
Science is spectral analysis. Art is light synthesis.
My first love is art, and I see a lot of things in an artistic way.
Wushu is a move in Chinese, a physical move. An attack. Wushu is like an art.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him.
My attitude is, if someone's going to criticize me, tell me to my face.
Pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude!
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
When you are thwarted, it is your own attitude that is out of order.
Bad attitudes will ruin your team.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.
Attitudes are more important than facts.
Attitude is everything.
Attitude determines the altitude of life.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
But my attitude about it is I have miles to go before I sleep.
The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
Funny is an attitude.
The biggest challenge is how to affect public attitudes and make people care.
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them.
People in tough times - it doesn't mean they don't have a great attitude.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
Stiletto, I look at it more as an attitude as opposed to a high-heeled shoe.
Solidarity is an attitude of resistance, I suppose, or it should be.
My attitude toward men who mess around is simple: If you find 'em, kill 'em.
Punk was defined by an attitude rather than a musical style.
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.
Yes, we're still five little people with a noisy attitude.
The Dolls were an attitude. If nothing else they were a great attitude.
Surfers have the most attitude.
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
What was past was past. I suppose that was the general attitude.
I don't mean this in a stuck-up way, but I needed an attitude song.
Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that.
I'm taking a bit of a wait-and-see attitude towards 3D.
For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language.
I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude.
You can't beat the beehive for glam punkette attitude.
What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike?
Even as a little child, I've always had that comedian kind of attitude.
I have a political attitude, but I'm certainly not a politician.
I think my attitude to human beings has changed since leaving prison.
You know what's funny to me? Attitude.
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality.
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.
But Jesus changes your attitude towards yourself and towards other people.
It's not too good to have this attitude in F1. It could be a disadvantage.
I just really think every job I do, I get this gypsy attitude to money.
The problem was just a mean attitude that festers and has to be challenged.
But having said that, there's also a sea change in attitude towards media.
I just want to go in with the right attitude and from Day 1 make a difference.
I kind of resent this attitude of men that we somehow must always look good.
Bambi can't act. Bambi had major attitude.
What a stupid attitude we have in this country to personal stories.
In aid, the proper attitude is one omitting gratitude.
I always had the attitude that I wanted to throw a no-hitter every game.
Abhorrence of apartheid is a moral attitude, not a policy.
Before 'Gangnam Style' I was not a good attitude artist.
Listen, whatever makes the movie better. That's the attitude you have to have.
I still have a young attitude.
Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone.
There has been a change in attitude, though.
I will not get very far with this attitude.
Our new attitude is how can we put you in front of our customer.
Athletic competition clearly defines the unique power of our attitude.
Bader's philosophy was my philosophy. His whole attitude to life was mine.
I also had a mistaken attitude towards certain comrades.
Muslims have a very bad attitude to homosexuality, they're very intolerant.
Mental attitude and concentration are the keys to pitching.
My first feeling about the paper and the attitude is that it is absurd.
A discipline I have observed is an attitude of love and reverence to people.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
To love beauty is to see light.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
A beauty is a woman you notice a charmer is one who notices you.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
Beauty and folly are old companions.
Rare is the union of beauty and purity.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
A witty woman is a treasure a witty beauty is a power.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Beauty has a lot to do with character.
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity.
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Beauty is not caused. It is.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.
Beauty is power a smile is its sword.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime.
Beauty is a fragile gift.
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Beauty is less important than quality.
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant.
Richard ChamberlainBeauty is whatever gives joy.There is no personal achievement in being born beautiful.Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away.I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within.There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older.Inner beauty should be the most important part of improving one's self.What beauty is, I know not, though it adheres to many things.Things are beautiful if you love them.Real beauty knocks you a little bit off kilter.Integrity reveals beauty.Goodness is beauty in the best estate.Our hearts were drunk with a beauty Our eyes could never see.Like charity, I believe glamour should begin at home.How goodness heightens beauty!Because beauty isn't enough, there must be something more.Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic.Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.Beauty is only skin deep.The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear.Real beauty is to be true to oneself. That's what makes me feel good.There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it.The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.Love is the beauty of the soul.Beauty without expression is boring.Beauty without grace is the hook without the bait.As we grow old, the beauty steals inward.A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.Beauty is the bait which with delight allures man to enlarge his kind.The perception of beauty is a moral test.Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words.Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.I am a thing of beauty.By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.What would be ugly in a garden constitutes beauty in a mountain.Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.Secrecy is the element of all goodness even virtue, even beauty is mysterious.Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.Exuberance is beauty.It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy.Beauty in distress is much the most affecting beauty.The beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on themselves.Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.To give pain is the tyranny to make happy, the true empire of beauty.Beauty always promises, but never gives anything.Nonsense and beauty have close connections.What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.Grace in women has more effect than beauty.There is nothing that makes its way more directly into the soul than beauty.The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread.Who would not give up wit for power and beauty?The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.Beauty is the lover's gift.Oliver Stone
The ideal beauty is a fugitive which is never found.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty!
In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty.
Beauty will be convulsive or will not be at all.
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.
The key to education is the experience of beauty.
Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul.
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste.
Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime.
I slept and dreamt that life was beauty I woke and found that life was duty.
It's not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer.
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.
I have always known what I wanted, and that was beauty... in every form.
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind.
Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you.
I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.
Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts.
Beauty when unadorned is adorned the most.
I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
My beauty secret is absolutely no sun.
Beauty is often worse than wine intoxicating both the holder and beholder.
All the freaky people make the beauty of the world.
I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists.
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.
Beauty and the devil are the same thing.
Beauty is a relation, and the apprehension of it a comparison.
My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple.
Well, I've never looked upon myself as being a beauty, per se.
Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.
In art economy is always beauty.
I don't get anything for free. I pay for all my beauty treatments.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together.
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.
Beauty is not just physical.
Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is nature's finest balm.
I'm not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
The very definition of 'beauty' is outside.
I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty.
Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder.
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror.
Black beauty - he's a dark horse.
People don't associate red hair, pale skin, and freckles with beauty.
Physical beauty is such a strange thing.
Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty.
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
Beauty can come in strange forms.
Well I've written four beauty books as well.
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.
Beauty is first and foremost an emotion.
Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea.
What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible.
There is a role and function for beauty in our time.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Power and beauty come from a very deep place.
Beauty can't amuse you, but brainwork - reading, writing, thinking - can.
Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness.
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.
It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you.
Los Angeles is like a beauty parlor at the end of the universe.
The ideal has many names, and beauty is but one of them.
Every performance is different. That's the beauty of it.
We all have to find beauty within us, as opposed to just our exterior.
Beauty set up distance between other people and me. It warped their behavior.
Beauty lasts five minutes. Maybe longer if you have a good plastic surgeon.
I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.
Oh who can tell the range of joy or set the bounds of beauty?
Music, art, theater. I'm just a big fan of beauty.
I have a real passion for many aspects of home lifestyle and beauty.
Beauty comes from the inside.
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty.
I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into.
Physical beauty isn't so impressive to me.
My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created.
I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.
I do not see any beauty in self-restraint.
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it.
It's just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act?
I have learned that acting is not about beauty.
It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality.
This whole beauty thing is something I've never comprehended.
Beauty is only skin deep, and the world is full of thin skinned people.
Beauty seen is never lost, God's colors all are fast.
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry.
A woman's beauty is one of her great missions.
Beauty is the oracle that speaks to us all.
My beauty icon is Angelina Jolie.
It's not like I'm sitting at home coming up with some secret beauty plan.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
I love my beauty. It's not my fault.
A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty.
My mother is a beauty.
No eyes that have seen beauty ever lose their sight.
Naomi WolfI'm a drugstore beauty girl, I love going to the drugstore and buying makeup.Beauty is everlasting And dust is for a time.Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty.Form follows beauty.The beauty of golf, you're in charge out here.
There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively.
I don't have any beauty shop memories. I remember the barber shop.
We didn't have a beauty shop as I grew up.
Talent, like beauty, to be pardoned, must be obscure and unostentatious.
Beauty is being in harmony with what you are.
Beauty is not everything!
Beauty is but a flower, which wrinkles will devour.
Truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
I don't believe in one ideal beauty.
The beauty of it is when you can just show up and hit the notes.
Truth is, I cut my hair for freedom, not for beauty.
My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is.
I'm 40 and I just got my first beauty campaign with Clairol Nice and Easy.
Through my optimism I naturally prefer and capture the beauty in life.
Beauty is everything.
Life deprived of beauty is not worthy of being called human.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
Coming in solemn beauty like slow old tunes of Spain.
Where is there beauty when you see deprivation and starvation?
We have to get back to the beauty of just being alive in this present moment.
To copy beauty forfeits all pretense to fame to copy faults is want of sense.
I will admit to hoarding beauty products. I'm a beauty lady.
Beauty magazines make my girlfriend feel ugly.
People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them.
And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb.
The double hundred Fowler hit in the Madras Test was an absolute beauty.
Hold fast to youth and beauty.
In places where this beauty has already disappeared, we will reconstruct it.
As long as I love Beauty I am young.
Time takes the ugliness and horror out of death and turns it into beauty.
I'm not out here to win a beauty contest.
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.
The cottage garden most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute.
The beauty of the past belongs to the past.
I have no right to beauty. I had been condemned to masculine ugliness.
Search for beauty without features, something deeper than any signs.
I think love and beauty are what life is all about.
But I fear, my lot being cast in Scotland, that beauty would not be content.
Hath the spirit of all beauty Kissed you in the path of duty?
And queenly is the state she keeps, In beauty's lofty trust secure.
The beauty of women was the first expression of my photography.
What I want to give in the theatre is beauty, that's what I want to give.
All the beauty of the world, 'tis but skin deep.
Beauty is the still birth of suffering, every woman knows that.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
The best road to progress is freedom's road.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
The best revenge is massive success.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
Living well is the best revenge.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.
The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up.
The worst men often give the best advice.
The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much.
The best things in life are unexpected - because there were no expectations.
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.
Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times.
You'll live. Only the best get killed.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world.
First gain the victory and then make the best use of it you can.
The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls.
Just do what you do best.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Sleep is the best meditation.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
The best proof of love is trust.
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
I never had a policy I have just tried to do my very best each and every day.
Honesty is the best policy.
The best way to get a bad law repealed is to enforce it strictly.
We have the best government that money can buy.
I am easily satisfied with the very best.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
The best way out is always through.
Prosperity is the best protector of principle.
He who knows best knows how little he knows.
The short words are best, and the old words are the best of all.
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast.
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.
But men are men the best sometimes forget.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
William ShakespearePerhaps nature is our best assurance of immortality.When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves."
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
Hunger is the best pickle.
Fatigue is the best pillow.
That government is best which governs least.
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift.
Alice WalkerThe fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.Our best thoughts come from others.It is best to rise from life as from a banquet, neither thirsty nor drunken.The best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.The best effort of a fine person is felt after we have left their presence.The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain.Education is the best provision for old age.The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.A woman knows by intuition, or instinct, what is best for herself.He who laughs best today, will also laughs last.The best author will be the one who is ashamed to become a writer.Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all.The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out.It is best to avoid the beginnings of evil.Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil.
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
Our goal is to make the best devices in the world, not to be the biggest.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Civilization had too many rules for me, so I did my best to rewrite them.
We hire people who want to make the best things in the world.
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
Look your best - who said love is blind?
The best way out of a difficulty is through it.
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
The best is the enemy of the good.
The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.
Luck marches with those who give their very best.
In art the best is good enough.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge.
I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it.
No one can really honestly be the very best, no one.
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
The things we know best are the things we haven't been taught.
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
Toleration is the best religion.
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
Genius always gives its best at first prudence, at last.
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.
Man, being reasonable, must get drunk the best of life is but intoxication.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst.
Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting.
The best way to know God is to love many things.
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy.
A boy's story is the best that is ever told.
No man fails who does his best.
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
The wildest colts make the best horses.
The best interpreter of the law is custom.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.
Beer, it's the best damn drink in the world.
A majority is always better than the best repartee.
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best.
Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
In writing and politicking, it's best not to think about it, just do it.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
Land really is the best art.
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.
A man's best fortune, or his worst, is his wife.
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
The best vision is insight.
Friends are the best to turn to when you're having a rough day.
Virtue is like a rich stone, best plain set.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
The best revenge is to live on and prove yourself.
Maria is the best reason to come home.
The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural.
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best.
Words empty as the wind are best left unsaid.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.
Expect the best, Prepare for the worst.
Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.
The best things in life are silly.
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.
Woman's at best a contradiction still.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them.
Music is the best way for me to say I love you.
Party-spirit at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
The best of seers is he who guesses well.
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
Canada's the best country in the world.
Next to acquiring good friends, the best acquisition is that of good books.
The days you work are the best days.
Quit while you're ahead. All the best gamblers do.
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
It is best for the wise man not to seem wise.
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
We are all of us failures, at least, the best of us are.
The best time to plan a book is while you're doing the dishes.
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find.
He who keeps his cool best wins.
A girl's legs are her best friends... but even the best of friends must part.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
I think that making love is the best form of exercise.
Walking is man's best medicine.
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
So if diva means giving your best, then yes, I guess I am a diva.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
Time is generally the best doctor.
The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk.
Mechanization best serves mediocrity.
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.
Always do your best.
Soap and water and common sense are the best disinfectants.
Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic's best friend!
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
Fairest and best adorned is she Whose clothing is humility.
The best place a person can die, is where they die for others.
Not to be born is, past all prizing, best.
Sometimes you get the best light from a burning bridge.
It is best to live however one can be.
Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.
I just feel my best when I'm all glammed up.
To look and feel my best, I watch my calories and exercise.
Join me in Olympic Heros for Abstinence. The best sex is no sex.
Music is the best means we have of digesting time.
I believe that I often bring out the best in somebody's talents.
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.
Reading - the best state yet to keep absolute loneliness at bay.
I did my best, and God did the rest.
One of the rarest things that a man ever does, is to do the best he can.
The bold adventurer succeeds the best.
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
I believe in prayer. It's the best way we have to draw strength from heaven.
The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
We're not arrogant, we just believe we're the best band in the world.
One accusation you can't throw at me is that I've always done my best.
I'm aware if I'm playing at my best I'm tough to beat. And I enjoy that.
Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest.
America is the best half-educated country in the world.
Scouting rises within you and inspires you to put forth your best.
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.
The splinter in your eye is the best magnifying-glass.
My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know.
Mediocre men work at their best men seeking excellence strive to do better.
Each one of us requires the spur of insecurity to force us to do our best.
I felt that it's best just to be as transparent as possible.
Next to being witty, the best thing is being able to quote another's wit.
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
The man who has done his best has done everything.
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.
Old friends are best.
The things we remember best are those better forgotten.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
The best films of any kind, narrative or documentary, provoke questions.
To be free from evil thoughts is God's best gift.
He who laughs most, learns best.
The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to remember it once.
I think guitar is the best thing in the world.
It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.
Get the best people and train them well.
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Those who know the least obey the best.
That's your best friend and your worst enemy - your own brain.
I do some of my best thinking while pulling weeds.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
I think my best work is when I'm kind of in charge.
I think the best place to work in football is England.
My siblings are my best friends.
Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.
I will give you the best I have.
The best director is the one you don't see.
Letting your mind play is the best way to solve problems.
I have the best husband in the world. He's very involved.
I think if you give your best as a parent, then that's all you can do.
Going online and asking questions is the best way to learn.
I have to live with both my selves as best I may.
I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can.
Work is like the rest of life. The best parts are free.
I'm married to my best friend!
Life is best when you are in love.
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
Man's wisdom is his best friend folly his worst enemy.
Disney has the best casting. If he doesn't like an actor he just tears him up.
I already gave my best. I have no regrets at all.
Testing oneself is best when done alone.
Example is the best precept.
I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy.
Do the best that you can in the place where you are, and be kind.
The best player I ever played with was Dennis Johnson.
One of the best things for a woman to hear is that she is sexy.
What I love best in life is new starts.
Democracy functions best when we have an active citizenry.
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
The only thing better than singing is more singing.
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Let us celebrate the occasion with wine and sweet words.
A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present.
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
There is still no cure for the common birthday.
Let them eat cake.
New Year's Day is every man's birthday.
Your children need your presence more than your presents.
Being seventy is not a sin.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to remember it once.
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.
I hate birthdays.
Love the giver more than the gift.
When I turned 60, it didn't bother me at all.
We'll take the cake with the red cherry on top.
Only then, approaching my fortieth birthday, I made philosophy my life's work.
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
In 1993 my birthday present was a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame.
I do like to shock and surprise people. When it's all in good fun, of course.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Just hit my 75th birthday, I'm feeling great!
I'm most comfortable in my birthday suit.
I left school on my 15th birthday.
I'm a summer baby, so I usually have my birthday as a good summer memory.
The first guitar I ever got was for my 13th birthday.
The day before my 16th birthday I got my guitar.
I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day.
On my birthday, I was in Milan for the collections.
I lost twins at 14 weeks, and I had to have an D and C on my birthday.
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday.
I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
I was fired by 'America's Next Top Model' on my birthday.
With a recent birthday, I've been acting now for twenty years.
Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake.
I sing a little bit. I got a guitar for my 16th birthday.
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
All lasting business is built on friendship.
I want to put a ding in the universe.
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
If all the economists were laid end to end, they'd never reach a conclusion.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
Our favorite holding period is forever.
Blessed is he who has found his work let him ask no other blessedness.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Business is a combination of war and sport.
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
Carpe per diem - seize the check.
I buy when other people are selling.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
When in doubt, mumble when in trouble, delegate when in charge, ponder.
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.
The consumer isn't a moron she is your wife.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
Don't simply retire from something have something to retire to.
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.
Word of mouth is the best medium of all.
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
So little done, so much to do.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Real riches are the riches possessed inside.
Business is in itself a power.
It's called a pen. It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
People will buy anything that is 'one to a customer.'
We don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference.
Business can be a source of progressive change.
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network.
If you have to forecast, forecast often.
Only a monopolist could study a business and ruin it by giving away products.
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
Girls shouldn't worry about being the equal of men in the business world.
There's nobody in the business strong enough to scare me.
The things most people want to know about are usually none of their business.
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
Business is the salt of life.
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
Washington has to become an ally of business, not the opposition of business.
When you raise taxes on small business, from 35% to 40%, you will kill jobs.
Thomas PaineIn business for yourself, not by yourself.War is the business of barbarians.I like Mr. Gorbachev, we can do business together.My business is to prevent the future.The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.Business today consists in persuading crowds.The purpose of a business is to create a customer.
The first rule of business is: Do other men for they would do you.
The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.
American business has just forgotten the importance of selling.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin.
The business of America is business.
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
It is your business when the wall next door catches fire.
Be the business never so painful, you may have it done for money.
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.
What other people think about me is not my business.
I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't.
There is nothing more requisite in business than despatch.
Every business and every product has risks. You can't get around it.
Comedy may be big business but it isn't pretty.
It is the artist's business to create sunshine when the sun fails.
Christmas is over and Business is Business.
Richard ChamberlainThe real business of life is trying to understand each other.I think it's a terrible shame that politics has become show business.I reject the cynical view that politics is a dirty business.In this business, until you're known as a monster you're not a star.As you grow in this business, you learn how to do more with less.Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.To talk about a relationship trivializes something that's nobody's business.Good design is good business.When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.We cannot make events. Our business is wisely to improve them.No man is a success in business unless he loves his work.It is awfully important to know what is and what is not your business.When you're eight years old nothing is your business.Whatever I do, it's my business. It's not my job to parent America.I never hurt nobody but myself and that's nobody's business but my own.A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all.I'm not into business at all.The comic book world is a tough business.I can take more punishment than anyone in the business.Would you want to do business with a person who was 99% honest?I happened to come along in the music business when there was no trend.The desire to hit a big home run is dominating the music business.I don't believe in this business of being behind, better to be in front.The Internet is the Viagra of big business.The state has no business in the bedrooms of the nation.God will forgive me that's his business.Kelly Clarkson
Follow sound business trends, not fashion trends.
That's what show business is, sincere insincerity.
Part of show business is magic. You don't know how it happens.
I have laid aside business, and gone a'fishing.
I started the site when I was 19. I didn't know much about business back then.
Politics is just show business for ugly people.
Half the time men think they are talking business, they are wasting time.
Music and the music business are two different things.
Interior design is a business of trust.
If you break 100, watch your golf. If you break 80, watch your business.
Diplomats make it their business to conceal the facts.
The movie business is a big gamble.
Don't think of yourself as a woman in business.
Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.
You shouldn't be in the music business if you're posing.
Dear, never forget one little point. It's my business. You just work here.
I learned you have to fight for yourself in the picture business.
A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
I hate show business.
The message I take all round the world is Britain is open for business.
My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
I have made some of the best friends that I've got in this business.
I want to own an NFL franchise. I understand the business of football.
Planning cities is a necessary but risky business.
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.
In practice we, in the world, must do business with each other.
Being in the business and growing up in L.A., I think I turned out pretty OK.
A shady business never yields a sunny life.
I have always maintained that society has no business dictating morality.
Business is tough you need tough guys.
In this business, if you don't pay your debts you're finished.
My home has always been show business.
You can be in this business 50 years and still not know anything about it.
I'm not really in the excuse business.
Judgment is not my business. Existing is my business.
The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become.
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.
I've always been able to keep my private life separate from my business.
The goal seems to me at times just to be business first.
I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business.
A woman's two cents worth is worth two cents in the music business.
Movies are an expensive business.
You cannot run a business, or anything else, on a theory.
I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business.
I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business.
The Golden Rule finds no limit of application in business.
What makes the most money for this business? Dead rock stars.
Rock stars get room keys, I get business cards.
They keep the old business. We keep the ongoing business.
And I trusted someone to look after me on the business side of life.
I've got a wife, four kids, a business, and a baseball career.
I find the business world hard.
I didn't have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.
Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world.
Emotions have no place in business, unless you do business with them.
Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional.
The career stuff is for business people.
It is not the business of generals to shoot one another.
Golf isn't just my business, it's my hobby.
It's show business. No show, no business.
When you start a business, go for the lowest hanging fruit.
I mean, I'm in the business of storytelling, not message making.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
Business is constantly changing, constantly evolving.
The only thing harder than leaving show business is coming back.
If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
We have to make America the best place in the world to do business.
My revenue was $4 million my first year in business, off of one $20 item.
My business doesn't keep me warm at night.
I have always been a business person.
I went onto reality TV as a business decision.
You can't run a business or anything else on a theory.
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.
The cars we drive say a lot about us.
I never rode in an automobile until I was 12.
But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time.
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.
I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.
Fast cars are my only vice.
You talk about German technocracy and you get automobiles.
Ikea people do not drive flashy cars or stay at luxury hotels.
I admit to wasting my life messing around with fast cars and motorcycles.
A car for every purse and purpose.
Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars.
Never have more children than you have car windows.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife.
Onion rings in the car cushions do not improve with time.
My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive.
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'
White is actually one of my favorite colors. I have a white car. I love white.
My brother was a lifeguard in a car wash.
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
I don't want to argue with my wife about her car - or my driving.
I race to win. If I am on the bike or in a car it will always be the same.
You're safer in the race car than you are in cars going to and from the track.
I'm sort of like a lame, single guy in a red sports car.
I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.
I've spent more on my Dodger tickets that I did on my car.
I grew up listening to show tunes in the back of the car.
I never listen to the radio unless I rent a car.
You can know or not know how a car runs and still enjoy riding in a car.
By far my most perilous assignment was covering a tank car explosion.
I have a car but it's not important.
I've crashed my car three times.
I drive an electric car.
There's nothing wrong with the car except that it's on fire.
Forget the damned motor car and build the cities for lovers and friends.
I don't know how to drive a car.
I've never been to a race car race before.
I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.
And that just shows you how important the car is in Formula One Racing.
I love sleeping in a moving car more than sleeping in bed.
My first car was a motorcycle.
The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
My definition of a redundancy is an air-bag in a politician's car.
A critic is a man who knows the way but can't drive the car.
The lead car is unique, except for the one behind it which is identical.
Either the car is stationary, or it's on the move.
I've always been a bit of a car freak.
Stay humble. Always answer your phone - no matter who else is in the car.
I think women like Ferraris. A Ferrari is everybody's car.
I'd kind of like to have a classic old muscle car. I think that would be fun.
I don't actually own a car.
But I have a driver, so I can return calls while I'm in the car.
I sing in the car if I'm in LA, because you're like soundproofed.
Well, I've been in a few car wrecks.
I don't even own a car.
I know I will die in a car crash.
Simply racing a Formula 1 car is an achievement.
We always kept believing in ourselves and our team and the car.
I own stock, and I also insure my car with Geico.
My next adventure will be being in a car with Mischa at the wheel.
People go to car races to watch the crashes.
Everybody has a gun in their car in Detroit.
I'm a crazy car guy. I've got an airplane hangar full of cars.
I'd like to have the flying car, I think that'd be really cool.
I really enjoy not getting in a car and running errands on bikes.
Come rain or shine I walk short distances rather than taking my car.
If you saw a dog going to be crushed under a car, wouldn't you help him?
There were times when I thought I would never own a car.
I always keep a ball in the car. You never know.
I've made movies that cost less than one car chase.
I have always had this mentality because I hated to break anything on the car.
I don't like to go over curbs, because I don't want to be hard on the car.
I've always had an affinity and a passion for cars and that whole car culture.
Going to car racing school was phenomenal.
I've made club songs, and I've made radio songs, and I've made the car songs.
My dream car would be a Maserati. That would be amazing.
I never listen to music in the house, I listen to music in the car.
If I test the car for a year I can be quite competitive the next season.
I allow myself one nice car.
A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.
I don't own a car.
I'm calling from my car, I'm sorry, I'm like running around like crazy.
I really like listening to music in my car.
I absolutely refuse to reveal my age. What am I - a car?
I only know it takes weeks to recover, as if one had been in a car accident.
I want do some kind of action movie, car chases and explosions.
I drive a car that has pleather seats.
In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.
As I was coming out of the closet, our car was hurtling over an embankment.
Dear motorist on the information superhighway. I'm sorry I do not have a car.
I mostly drive around in a Fiat 500 TwinAir, and that's a pretty small car!
Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character.
The New Dealers have all left Washington to make way for the car dealers.
I have a Volvo S60R and it's a pretty fast car, the R says it all.
We're going to test with the same car, but we have a new car ready.
Indy car racing is much more aggressive.
I don't want to rap about my car. How generic is that? Be creative.
I love singin' in the car, it just makes me feel good.
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
I talk to myself, especially in the car.
Yeah, it's risky, but no more risky than driving a car.
I like to sing around the bonfire, in my car and in the shower.
I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is.
Men are superior to women, for one thing they can urinate from a speeding car.
I promise you a police car on every sidewalk.
Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it.
Normally in dangerous situations I have a getaway car.
Andrew GrossI was encouraged to hear that GM has made great progress on the hydrogen car.When the car's going well, I purr like a kitten.In life, you need a house and a car. After that, you have a choice.
A man sits in his car at the traffic lights, waiting for them to go green.
It's a massive motor in a tiny, lightweight car.
A private railroad car is not an acquired taste. One takes to it immediately.
I am an artist. The track is my canvas, and the car is my brush.
If you don't drink, smoke, or drive a car, you're a tax evader.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
To improve is to change to be perfect is to change often.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
Things do not change we change.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Change in all things is sweet.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.
Change brings opportunity.
Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
There is nothing permanent except change.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
Change before you have to.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.
One change always leaves the way open for the establishment of others.
True life is lived when tiny changes occur.
Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image.
Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.
When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change... you will change.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance.
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
All I want to do is change the world.
Change is the only constant. Hanging on is the only sin.
In a progressive country change is constant change is inevitable.
You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
Opinions are made to be changed - or how is truth to be got at?
If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.
Change alone is unchanging.
To change what you get you must change who you are.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
When you are through changing, you are through.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
All things must change to something new, to something strange.
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.
Change is inevitable. Change for the better is a full-time job.
People change and forget to tell each other.
True change takes place in the imagination.
To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.
I don't know if you can change things, but it's a drop in the ocean.
Change is such hard work.
What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
The more things change, the more they are the same.
Change is not only likely, it's inevitable.
As with anything creative, change is inevitable.
I try to contrast life today is full of contrast... We have to change.
Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change.
Our fathers valued change for the sake of its results we value it in the act.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
You change your life by changing your heart.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Chinese people themselves, they really want change.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
The need for change bulldozed a road down the center of my mind.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
No change of circumstances can repair a defect of character.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first.
Music can change the world because it can change people.
Things don't have to change the world to be important.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
There is nothing so stable as change.
To change ones life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.
Change yourself and your work will seem different.
If a person doesn't change, there's something really wrong with him.
The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.
I was willing to accept what I couldn't change.
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
Only God who made us can touch us and change us and save us from ourselves.
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.
Revolution, n. In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
Dynamism is a function of change.
On some campuses, change is effected through nonviolent or even violent means.
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
That last day does not bring extinction to us, but change of place.
Taste may change, but inclination never.
Characters do not change. Opinions alter, but characters are only developed.
We say keep your change, we'll keep our God, our guns, our constitution.
A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.
The Roman Catholic Church isn't going to change its theologies.
People can cry much easier than they can change.
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.
To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.
Satire doesn't effect change.
All change is bad. But sometimes it has to be done.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
Some people change when they think they're a star or something.
I want to change things for the better, just like everybody else.
Do not let circumstances control you. You change your circumstances.
Change of weather is the discourse of fools.
You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.
You can change friends but not neighbours.
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
The most useless are those who never change through the years.
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Habits change into character.
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.
Change is not merely necessary to life - it is life.
I know that my race must change.
Only idiots refuse to change their minds.
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
Political Correctness doesn't change us, it shuts us up.
If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
Nothing endures but change.
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
If you don't change, then what's the point of anything happening to you?
Any revival in which I am involved is liable to change.
If you never change your mind, why have one?
It is not to be expected that human nature will change in a day.
I am desperate for change - now - not in 8 years or 12 years, but right now.
Like it or not, the world evolves, priorities change and so do you.
I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.
For me, 'revolution' simply means radical change.
It's not the destination that matters. It's the change of scene.
Don't fear change - embrace it.
I have to try and change the landscape, whatever it is.
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.
We don't change what we are, we change what we think what we are.
As you grow older, you change.
If you're unhappy, you should change what you're doing.
I take sounds and change them into words.
I think having a child can really change you if you're open to it.
Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer.
Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.
If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.
I love what I do, and when I don't love what I do, I'll make a change.
Logic will never change emotion or perception.
And Seaman, just like a falling oak, manages to change direction.
I love to watch times change!
An apology might help, but you can change your life without one.
Obviously comedic styles do change.
Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.
Don't manage - lead change before you have to.
Everything will change. The only question is growing up or decaying.
You put high heels on and you change.
We're not trying to change the world just music.
The first resistance to social change is to say it's not necessary.
Creative thinking inspires ideas. Ideas inspire change.
One new feature or fresh take can change everything.
Pop culture is a reflection of social change, not a cause of social change.
Maybe we all change over time.
You change with the guys you date.
I would not change my blest estate for all the world calls good or great.
I'm trying to change the culture in New York City that's hard enough!
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
I like progress but I hate change.
I love change, I need it.
Cats don't like change without their consent.
There are people in the world who have the power to change our values.
A change in bad habits leads to a change in life.
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have.
Change is growth. For me it has been a very spiritual and musical rebirth.
Fame changes a lot of things, but it can't change a lightbulb.
It's important to fall in love with someone you don't want to change.
I wouldn't change a thing - except my bank balance.
It is not strange... to mistake change for progress.
A zebra does not change its spots.
I do like change. That's the one thing exciting about me.
If I can change than anyone can change. I promise you that.
Even God cannot change the past.
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.
I don't think I'm really open to having Washington change me.
We are all revolutionaries now, addicts of change.
Illness strikes men when they are exposed to change.
Change is one of my favourite words.
I have to change a lot of things before I become a good marathon runner.
There is danger in reckless change, but greater danger in blind conservatism.
Every day I'm thinking about change.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Everything can change at any moment, suddenly and forever.
I was advised by an American agent when I was about 19 to change my surname.
If your life changes, we can change the world, too.
Too many people just eat to consume calories. Try dining for a change.
You must change in order to survive.
I think I can change the game.
If I have to change my lifestyle, I don't want to live.
I'm definitely open to change, but at the same time I am quite stubborn.
The only way to change is to vote. People are responsible.
Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.
I don't change. The things around me change.
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.
I don't write for any group. I write to bring about a change in consciousness.
Pick up a rifle and you change instantly from a subject to a citizen.
Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game.
Styles, like everything else, change. Style doesn't.
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.
The Howard Hughes I knew began to change after his plane crash in 1941.
You do have to change things as warfare changes.
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Bad human communication leaves us less room to grow.
Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them.
A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it.
No pleasure has any savor for me without communication.
The desire to write grows with writing.
He that communicates his secret to another makes himself that other's slave.
No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else's draft.
There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
Extremists think 'communication' means agreeing with them.
Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.
Communication works for those who work at it.
To communicate through silence is a link between the thoughts of man.
It sounds so trite but in relationships, you have to communicate.
Communication is everyone's panacea for everything.
I try to just communicate what I want done as clearly and simply as possible.
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
In communications, familiarity breeds apathy.
Writing is a communication.
We don't communicate in full sentences anyway. We don't need all those words.
In my teaching, I enjoyed creating models to clearly communicate my thoughts.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
If listeners aren't carried away to Heaven, I'm failing.
Communication is about being effective, not always about being proper.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Communication is so key.
Technique is communication: the two words are synonymous in conductors.
People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
The level of communication you can achieve with an infant is really profound.
There is a world of communication which is not dependent on words.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard.
Power in America today is control of the means of communication.
Music is a very personal and emotional form of communication.
I have a very open line of communication with both my children.
When I did it with Johnny, it was almost a telepathic kind of communication.
It's communication - that's what theatre is all about.
My mother and I always had full adult communication.
Illiteracy is rampant. People are out of communication.
The more elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
The communication is in the work and words are no substitute for this.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Computers are like Old Testament gods lots of rules and no mercy.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
The computer is a moron.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.
Think? Why think! We have computers to do that for us.
I was afraid of the internet... because I couldn't type.
Computing is not about computers any more. It is about living.
To err is human but to really foul up requires a computer.
I wouldn't know how to find eBay on the computer if my life depended on it.
We're entering a new world in which data may be more important than software.
The power of the computer is starting to spread.
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.'
You couldn't have fed the '50s into a computer and come out with the '60s.
If you like overheads, you'll love PowerPoint.
Computers have virtually replaced tape recorders.
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
I just became one with my browser software.
Computers in classrooms are the filmstrips of the 1990s.
The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
Gee, I am a complete Luddite when it comes to computers, I can barely log on!
You can't trust the internet.
I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.
I'm too old-fashioned to use a computer. I'm too old-fashioned to use a quill.
What do we want our kids to do? Sweep up around Japanese computers?
Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us.
We demand privacy, yet we glorify those that break into computers.
Software comes from heaven when you have good hardware.
The internet is not for sissies.
I've tried word processors, but I think I'm too old a dog to use one.
What we did not imagine was a Web of people, but a Web of documents.
Computers make me totally blank out.
I'm not afraid of computers taking over the world.
I don't know anything about computers.
Today, computers are almost second nature to most of us.
Our lives sometimes depend on computers performing as predicted.
I look like a geeky hacker, but I don't know anything about computers.
I'm a very simple person. I don't use computers.
My whole life had been designing computers I could never build.
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.
Something else has happened with computers.
Video games and computers have become babysitters for kids.
I am cursed with computers something always goes wrong.
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.
There were no PCs when I started programming on computers.
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.
Today, computers help us making the music. It's really a tool.
Rather be dead than cool.
Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.
It's really kind of cool to have solar panels on your roof.
Morgan Freeman is so class. He's so cool. He's so scary.
He who keeps his cool best wins.
It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool.
I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.
I've never done anything because I thought it would look cool.
I don't mind not being cool.
Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, I'm like, 'Whoa, I'm so cool.'
You get a timeless cool card in New York.
I think you create your own hipness.
I've never been cool - and I don't care.
To create well I have to be in a good mood, happy and cool.
We're always bombarded with images from magazines of what looks cool and sexy.
Heroes don't wear diapers. It's just not cool.
I just tried to keep my cool and continue with my race plan: to win.
Good words cool more than cold water.
The secret was to just be cool, stay in God's graces, and work it out.
I'm from Iowa, we don't know what cool is!
I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace.
I don't think of myself as hot or cool or anything, just a dork.
It's cool to have a well run, comfortable and inviting home.
Be still and cool in thine own mind and spirit.
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?
Most Americans are very cool people.
Keep cool anger is not an argument.
If your stomach disputes you, lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts.
It's cool when fans spend so much time making things for me. It means a lot.
It's cool now to play golf.
Keep cool my babies.
There are people out there who are older who are cool. I want that.
I was trying to be this person who is cool, eternally rocking.
It's cool to go places where working people are happy.
As a young boy, I was taught in high school that hacking was cool.
I have, I admit, a low tolerance for detached chronicling and cool analysis.
Conforming is not cool.
It's not cool to be an alcoholic.
Manners are love in a cool climate.
A lot of pop people out there are cool, but they overdo it.
I used to be a cool chick but I'm not anymore.
Long intros are cool because there's a little bit of anticipation, you know?
I haven't took no punishment. There's nothing cool about taking punishment.
It's cool to be healthy.
The problem to me is violence. It's not cool to kill somebody or hurt people.
Tweeting is like sending out cool telegrams to your friends once a week.
Elves are cool, man.
Danger is cool.
I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.
Being cool, having a 'cool' energy is just not attractive to me.
Jordin SparksI want to go to college and go back to Georgetown. It's a really cool place.In my teens, I was never part of the cool crowd.
For most of my life, I've thought of myself as pretty cool.
Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm.
My parents are pretty cool people.
I want to be a cool mom.
It's cool to play a vampire and be a part of this new, hot genre.
When you get to play a character that's in love, it's cool.
I'm blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.
That was excellent! I mean, it didn't do anything, but it looked really cool!
I love Poseidon. His trident - his weapon - is really cool.
Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool.
Edie Sedgwick had a cool style she pushed the envelope for the time.
We aren't cool and never will be.
It's cool to play a sinister bad guy who also has a human side.
Jonah HillApparently it's cool to watch The Daily Show.
That was cool and that sucked all at the same time.
I wasn't one of the cool kids by any stretch. I just bumbled along really.
I'm thought of as a cool, unemotional dancer, but inside I'm not.
But live shows are cool. I just got back into the idea of enjoying it live.
I'd like to have the flying car, I think that'd be really cool.
I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool.
I could never dream of being cool.
I was probably cool around the end of 2002.
People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
It's cool to be recognised by your peers.
I'm not really cool, or dashing, or any of those things.
Belly buttons are cool!
I may be the prat in the hat, that's cool, but I drive an Aston Martin DB5.
He's as cool as a prized marrow!
Being in love is not cool!
LudacrisAm I really cool? You're telling me I'm cool? Well, that's good to hear.
I just want to do cool stuff.
For years I have been going to the South of France to cool out.
For me, everything is cool.
I'm just a cool type of guy who's all about positives.
Arizona is really cool but I couldn't stay there for too long.
I thought that would be kind of cool, to make a bad guy look sympathetic.
Zachary LeviCountry's hip it's cool music.I think when you're winning, your uniforms are cool.Doing charity work is always cool. It's always a good thing.I don't need to hang out in a posse and try to act cool.And I now think that Stratocasters and Telecasters are way cool.I like rhythmic things that butt up against each other in a cool kind of way.I think it's interesting to have a cool character not look so cool, you know?You can't not look cool with a crossbow.If I could work with any actor it would have to be Johnny Depp. He is cool.It's kinda cool seeing people having real fights with people they really know.Sunday school don't make you cool forever.It was cool to do someone else's movie. It was a lot of fun.Athletes are very cool to me.
This wired generation is kind of cool.
It was cool for a couple of weeks, but how much bad golf can you play?
The worst thing I could be thinking is how could I be a cool bass player.
I found out some really cool ways to swing around the Winchester.
It's pretty cool to see how far music can take you.
My friends that are snobs think its cool I did a movie with Albert Brooks.
I'm not hip, I'm not cool, I'm not glib.
Roy Schneider was cool. I learned quite a bit from him.
My first three years of high school, I wasn't that cool.
Having your own character in a video game is pretty cool.
I am a huge fashion fan. It's a really cool way to express yourself.
I'd wear flip-flops and jeans. I guess that's not cool.
I think I'm much too earnest to be as cool as 'Boyd Crowder'.
I think that was a moment of cool panic there.
When things are really good, really easy it's not cool for me.
I like America. I think it's pretty cool.
I wanted to dress cool, and get all the ladies.
A female piano player is always pretty cool to me.
It's just cool to me that Bon Jovi knows my name!
Being an author of banned books is cool, I've decided.
Spiderman can climb walls and he's got a cool outfit.
I love crispy, cool sheets.
Atlanta is an incredibly cool city.
I like starting. It's pretty cool.
I don't want to stay underground for just the cool people.
Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.
To me, anyone with an Australian accent wielding a tennis racket is cool.
On a film set everyone is very cool. Well, blase really.
You know, Southerners are pretty cool.
I don't mind what the role is at all I just want to play cool characters.
I've won some pretty cool things in my life and I have a lot of great titles.
Will Smith is young, he's cool and my kids have his CDs.
I was never interested in making cool, distilled, pure objects.
I've had cameos on some cool shows.
Ninjas are so cool!
I am working on a dress sock line of funky, colorful, cool designs.
I used to do this as a kid. And now they're paying me for it, which is cool.
Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.
But Freedom Strike was actually quite cool.
The cool thing about my profession is that I can do it until the day I die.
I thought that 'Twilight' would be a kind of girl movie, but it was cool.
Courage is grace under pressure.
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
One man with courage is a majority.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
From caring comes courage.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
Courage is a kind of salvation.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.
One man with courage makes a majority.
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
Courage can't see around corners but goes around them anyway.
In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
Courage without conscience is a wild beast.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
Genius is talent set on fire by courage.
Despair gives courage to a coward.
Either life entails courage, or it ceases to be life.
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man.
Political courage is not political suicide.
The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage.
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.
I beg you take courage the brave soul can mend even disaster.
The more wit the less courage.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
Creativity takes courage.
If we survive danger it steels our courage more than anything else.
There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
In strife who inquires whether stratagem or courage was used?
You have to have courage to be obedient to God.
I'm sick of not having the courage to be an absolute nobody.
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Courage, my friends 'tis not too late to build a better world.
The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.
Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear.
To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.
I have the courage of my convictions.
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
I have no physical courage, I've asked for a double.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Courage is the capacity to confront what can be imagined.
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity.
Courage in danger is half the battle.
Courage easily finds its own eloquence.
Good courage in a bad affair is half of the evil overcome.
Every man of courage is a man of his word.
A man of courage never needs weapons, but he may need bail.
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.
Fashion should not be expected to serve in the stead of courage or character.
At the same time, I would add that the American people have a lot of courage.
Honest conviction is my courage the Constitution is my guide.
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
Courage is always rewarded.
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity.
I have a lot of courage. I'm a realist.
You can't test courage cautiously.
Being gifted needs courage.
Limit to courage? There is no limit to courage.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
Real courage is knowing what faces you and knowing how to face it.
True courage is like a kite a contrary wind raises it higher.
One has to have the courage of one's pessimism.
It takes a certain courage and a certain greatness to be truly base.
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.
Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage.
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
I have always had the courage for the new things that life sometimes offers.
Physical courage is a great test.
Ingenuity, plus courage, plus work, equals miracles.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.
Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first.
Courage to continue comes from deeper sources than outward results.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
Part of courage is simple consistency.
Pugnacity is a form of courage, but a very bad form.
If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.
I'll know how to die with courage that is easier than living.
A leader must have the courage to act against an expert's advice.
It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead.
The courage in journalism is sticking up for the unpopular, not the popular.
Have the courage of your desire.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.
A man of courage flees forward, in the midst of new things.
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.
Optimism is the foundation of courage.
Yes, you must have the courage of being free.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage, or of principle.
It is a wise man who knows where courage ends and stupidity begins.
Courage is the fear of being thought a coward.
Courage is action, not talk.
It would be sad if we lost our instinct and our courage to love and protect.
Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith.
I know what real courage is, and I understand true compassion.
It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to keep it.
Courage is always the surest wisdom.
One of the marks of a gift is to have the courage of it.
Freedom is a system based on courage.
I would kiss you, had I the courage.
Ofttimes the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die.
Courage is just fear, plus prayers, plus understanding.
The man who has the courage of his platitudes is always a successful man.
War paralyzes your courage and deadens the spirit of true manhood.
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable.
Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution.
Give the people not hell, but hope and courage.
Courage ought to have eyes as well as arms.
Whatever enlarges hope will also exalt courage.
Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice.
Necessity does the work of courage.
A man of character in peace is a man of courage in war.
My definition of courage is never letting anyone define you.
People don't follow titles, they follow courage.
Moral courage is higher and a rarer virtue than physical courage.
There's no mystique to acting. It's only common sense - and a bit of courage.
Resignation is the courage of Christian sorrow.
When one has not had a good father, one must create one.
My father? I never knew him. Never even seen a picture of him.
Whoever does not have a good father should procure one.
I just wish I could understand my father.
Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents.
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.
A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be.
Undeservedly you will atone for the sins of your fathers.
It is much easier to become a father than to be one.
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.
The child is father of the man.
My father... had sharper eyes than the rest of our people.
Dad was the only adult male I ever trusted.
An angry father is most cruel towards himself.
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.
Whenever I fail as a father or husband... a toy and a diamond always works.
It is impossible to please all the world and one's father.
A dramatic thing, the first time you stand up to your dad.
A father's disappointment can be a very powerful tool.
But the love of adventure was in father's blood.
My father wouldn't get us a TV, he wouldn't allow a TV in the house.
The most important influence in my childhood was my father.
My father was grounded, a very meat-and-potatoes man. He was a baker.
I wasn't anything special as a father. But I loved them and they knew it.
Watching your husband become a father is really sexy and wonderful.
Father or stepfather - those are just titles to me. They don't mean anything.
If my father had hugged me even once, I'd be an accountant right now.
What harsh judges fathers are to all young men!
My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem.
My father wants me to be like my brother, but I can't be.
Nobody ever asks a father how he manages to combine marriage and a career.
My father was the guy on the block who said hi to everyone.
As Daddy said, life is 95 percent anticipation.
Do you know that other than my father, I've never had a man take care of me?
Child-rearing is my main interest now. I'm a hands-on father.
Because of my father, we are that Shining City on a Hill.
No, I never thought about my father's money as my money.
I have always thought of Walt Disney as my second father.
My father was never anti-anything in our house.
My father loved people, children and pets.
My father was the most rational and the most dispassionate of men.
My father taught me how to substitute realities.
My dad taught me true words you have to use in every relationship. Yes, baby.
I was punished for blowing the whistle on my father's lifestyle.
Fathers in today's modern families can be so many things.
My father was something of a rainbow-chaser.
My father was always telling himself no one was perfect, not even my mother.
Rich men's sons are seldom rich men's fathers.
No man is responsible for his father. That was entirely his mother's affair.
Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
Dad kept us out of school, but school comes and goes. Family is forever.
I was built up from my dad more than anyone else.
And my dad, you're a great actor but you're a better father.
My dad was like a stage mother he always pushed me to do what I wanted.
I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.
My dad is a motorcycle guy, not some Hollywood dude.
My dad was a particularly polite kind of guy, very courteous.
My dad took me to my first movie.
I love being a dad. I just love it.
My dad was good with actions.
My dad died of a stroke.
Without my dad, I wouldn't be here.
My dad played fiddle as well.
My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't.
It's an ongoing joy being a dad.
I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser.
I'm just a pretty regular dad.
My Dad was my biggest supporter. He never put pressure on me.
My Dad is my hero.
I'm turning into a stricter dad.
I love my dad and we have a very good relationship now.
Well, my dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years.
My dad bought me a guitar and people would ask me to play.
My dad is a Deadhead, my mom's a Jewish-American princess from Jersey.
My dad, he's the rocker.
My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear.
My dad was a Methodist minister.
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.
Gary OldmanMy dad was the biggest influence on my life because he was never boring.My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports.I'll back up anything my dad says.To be fair to my dad, he is one of the brightest men I've ever met.I'm always on the court with my dad.
Ellie GouldingMy father was the quintessential husband and dad.I think my dad has helped me tremendously.My dad didn't drive - the only dad I knew who didn't.Yes, I always remember my dad's, mom's and my grandma's perfumes.I want my kids to see me as Dad, for God's sake, not a television personality.My dad was a Communist Party member who fought for his country.When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.My dad always said he couldn't remember a time when I did not want to act.My dad is the nicest guy you'll ever meet, and the easiest going.My dad is a marketing mastermind.My role model is my dad.
I am quite strict as a dad but I don't want to be censorious.
My dad was just a big Joseph Campbell nut.
My dad loved to laugh. He was very funny and very silly.
My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office.
So much of my aesthetic was formed by my dad.
My dad wanted to name me after Rainier Maria Rilke, the poet.
I know my dad is a big Internet freak, and he's been known to be a Wikileaker.
You know, I'm just - I'm really happy for my dad.
My dad's family were pretty working class, actually.
I love my mom and dad.
The only time I ever look good dancing is if I'm next to my dad at a wedding.
My mom's a social worker, and my dad works in non-profit organisations.
I always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad making art, making movies.
My dad says he likes to bask in my glow.
My dad was an editor and a writer, and that's actually what I aspired to be.
Every kid needs to say, 'I want what my mom and dad have.'
The worst advice I ever received from my dad was to play by the book.
Dad sometimes patted me on the knee and called me his Little Schmuck.
I had never said, 'dad, I love you.'
Money stress is what used to remind me of my Dad most.
My dad's not here, but he's watching in heaven.
When dad told me Mr Steptoe had passed away, I broke down.
My dad and I played music. He teaches me a song or two every time I'm home.
I'm the fun dad, I am also the disciplinarian.
I have found having my dad as my North Star has worked well for me.
I know exactly where I've come from, I know exactly who my mum and dad are.
My dad used to flush my mother's head down the toilet. I was so screwed up.
My dad's passion was to teach adults to read so they could read to their kids.
My mum and dad had worked incredibly hard to afford me an education.
I didn't always want to be a dad.
I am blessed to have Mom and Dad.
Dad was a very gentle, sweet man.
I'm looking out for myself, but I'm looking out for my dad, too.
My dad knows the business, and he tells me I've got to do what's best for me.
Although my dad Harry is the manager of West Ham, we get on very well.
My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I.
Well, for one thing, you know my dad was a cop.
My dad used to say to me, 'You look more like me than I do.'
Dhani HarrisonI've always wanted to be a dad.
My dad was great. He was very droll, very dry.
I grew up in Greenwich Village. Dad was friends with John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
I'm a dad and that's pretty important.
I'm being a dad and a good husband.
We all feel really blessed to have been with my dad for these 85 years.
My dad worked several jobs to pay for my expense in skating.
My dad farmed, my granddad was a farmer. I wanted to be a farmer.
When my dad died a lot of songs came, and they're still coming.
My dad is a huge rock n' roll lead guitar fan.
I'm Bam Margera. And I feel like kicking my dad's butt all day today.
Tiffany is very proud to have the last name and she's proud of her dad.
So my dad raised me, and he's a huge football fan.
I grew up loving Walter Payton. My dad used to always show us film of him.
My dad was a workaholic. I saw him work seven days a week.
My dad still calls me and makes sure I'm taking my vitamins.
Well, I am a lot like my dad, and the character of Ted is based on my dad.
Dad was a bus driver, and when he finished work he would repair cars.
Dad said that he was prouder of me than he'd ever been when I came out.
My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own.
My dad's not a very intimidating father figure.
My dad's supportive of all my endeavors.
My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men.
My dad had a movie theater so I was there every night.
I'm really, really lucky. I was given my dad's good genes.
My dad is a really honest, hardworking, straight guy.
I had a dad you know.
I'm left handed, but my dad taught me to play guitar right-handed.
My mum and my dad are the sweetest couple.
Our dad was a great guy and we will never forget him.
My dad's Irish music was such a huge influence.
I want babies. I think I'll be a great dad.
Dad really had little to do with the songs, except to perform them.
There was nothing more important I could do than be supportive as a dad.
My dad thinks Obama is a socialist and all these extreme views.
I'm a good dad I spend a lot of time with my kids.
My dad was my first coach and drove me extremely hard from a very young age.
My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug.
My mum's parents were from Ireland, my dad's mum was American-Irish.
My mom grew up in Kansas, my dad in Indiana. They had boring childhoods.
Truthfully, I'm still Corey Hart, Dad, first.
My dad recently reminded me that my grandfather's cousin was Lefty Frizzell.
My dad's an architect and my mom owned a French bakery for twelve years.
I always told my dad I'd play professional football.
Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
A relationship requires a lot of work and commitment.
Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.
Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend.
I am a hopeless romantic and I love to spoil my girlfriends.
Well, a girlfriend once told me never to fight with anybody you don't love.
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
I've been dating since I was fifteen. I'm exhausted. Where is he?
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.
I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it.
I've had enough boyfriends and enough issues. I'd seen enough train wrecks.
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.
My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality.
At this year's Open, I'll have five boyfriends.
In a relationship you have to open yourself up.
My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away.
I'm not very experienced with boys or the whole dating thingy.
Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.
I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax.
I don't have the best dating track record.
Dating is all about the chase. It's fun!
I have put gay dating on the map.
After a number of years dating, we decided we were good partners.
It's just me and my 6-month-old puppy. I am not dating anyone.
Dating co-stars is natural. When you're working with someone, it's habit.
I'm finally dating. It's fun.
I'm very open to dating and finding a guy.
I don't have dating tips.
I have no wisdom to share on dating.
I don't mind dating younger men now.
I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating.
Dating and getting attention from boys was something that came later to me.
I do like dating cynics - they tend to be incredibly funny.
I'm enjoying dating. I'm single, though, I'm not in a relationship.
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live.
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.
Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'
I saw few die of hunger of eating, a hundred thousand.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly.
A friend who dies, it's something of you who dies.
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.
Dying is easy, it's living that scares me to death.
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
Man always dies before he is fully born.
When you're dead, you're dead. That's it.
I had seen birth and death but had thought they were different.
Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies.
Call no man happy till he is dead.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
Cursed is the man who dies, but the evil done by him survives.
Birth and death we all move between these two unknowns.
Some people are so afraid do die that they never begin to live.
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.
Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts.
Lord ByronLove and death are the two great hinges on which all human sympathies turn.Everything that gets born dies.Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.The idea is to die young as late as possible.I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.Nothing that is really good and God-like dies.Death borders upon our birth, and our cradle stands in the grave.Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.The words of a dead man are modified in the guts of the living.Man dies of cold, not of darkness.All architects want to live beyond their deaths.He who doesn't fear death dies only once.It was a time when only the dead smiled, happy in their peace.If you don't have any fight in you, you might as well be dead.Death's in the good-bye.For me, habit is just a synonym for death.When faith is lost, when honor dies, the man is dead.Hell, madam, is to love no longer.Death is the tyrant of the imagination.The death of what's dead is the birth of what's living.Tradition demands that we not speak poorly of the dead.Fling but a stone, the giant dies.Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.Death is a fearful thing.The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch, which hurts and is desired.In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.The valiant never taste of death but once.Biography lends to death a new terror.Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.If we don't know life, how can we know death?Do the thing we fear, and death of fear is certain.The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.One death is a tragedy one million is a statistic.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.
If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering.
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Death is not the worst that can happen to men.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Death solves all problems - no man, no problem.
Death to me means nothing as long as I can die fast.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.
Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.
Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?
A useless life is an early death.
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.
Give me liberty or give me death.
In India we only read about death, sickness, terrorism, crime.
We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
Death, like birth, is a secret of Nature.
An unused life is an early death.
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
After your death you will be what you were before your birth.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting?
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Thomas PaineOf all escape mechanisms, death is the most efficient.The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.Marriage is the death of hope.Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart.The goal of all life is death.I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face.Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.Death is the wish of some, the relief of many, and the end of all.Belief is the death of intelligence.Grumbling is the death of love.Our life is made by the death of others.Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death.The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.Our nature consists in motion complete rest is death.On neither the sun, nor death, can a man look fixedly.In every parting there is an image of death.It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.To some extent I liken slavery to death.Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.Neither the sun nor death can be looked at with a steady eye.For a man who has done his natural duty, death is as natural as sleep.A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.Death may be the King of terrors... but Jesus is the King of kings!Death would not be called bad, O people, if one knew how to truly die.Life is but a moment, death also is but another.Death unites as well as separates it silences all paltry feeling.Death is just life's next big adventure.I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life.Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.Hearing nuns' confessions is like being stoned to death with popcorn.Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death.If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death.Whether for life or death, do your own work well.My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.I do not believe that any man fears to be dead, but only the stroke of death.It is not death, it is dying that alarms me.Death is only a larger kind of going abroad.Disease generally begins that equality which death completes.Love has no age, no limit and no death.He has not lived badly whose birth and death has been unnoticed by the world.Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.Death, they say, acquits us of all obligations.The ceaseless labour of your life is to build the house of death.Death destroys a man, but the idea of death saves him.We do not celebrate the death of our enemies.Divorce is probably as painful as death.Death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war.I'm Irish. I think about death all the time.Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'.Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion.There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.In every death, a busy world comes to an end.Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go.As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life.Not even old age knows how to love death.I look at 'Death Proof' and realize I had too much time.To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.I have more than once in my time woken up feeling like death.
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
All I want is a gentleman. I'm sick to bloody death of bastards.
Death is one moment, and life is so many of them.
Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide.
It is a sign of creeping inner death when we can no longer praise the living.
Football (soccer) is a matter of life and death, except more important.
The rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.
Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.
An evil life is a kind of death.
Death is less bitter punishment than death's delay.
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same.
We want our idols to be dead because it makes death a much less scary place.
Normality is death.
Birth was the death of him.
Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic.
An 'unemployed' existence is a worse negation of life than death itself.
Death is the veil which those who live call life They sleep, and it is lifted.
Death is an absolute marvel.
Death gives us sleep, eternal youth, and immortality.
Death is softer by far than tyranny.
For children preserve the fame of a man after his death.
Pain and death are part of life. To reject them is to reject life itself.
Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.
Death was like love, a romantic escape.
Life and death are important. Don't suffer them in vain.
That which is so universal as death must be a benefit.
Marquis de SadeNothing in life is promised except death.Don't be afraid of death so much as an inadequate life.I'll keep peace at all cost, even if I choke to death on my tongue.Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity.Long hair is an unpardonable offense which should be punishable by death.Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.At the moment of death I hope to be surprised.Inactivity is death.After the writer's death, reading his journal is like receiving a long letter.Everybody is entertained to death.I am not the born how can there be either birth or death for me?Life inspires more dread than death - it is life which is the great unknown.We were aware of the fact that death walks hand in hand with struggle.If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.I'm possibly a very morbid person but I think about death a lot.Only in death will I relinquish my belts.When you break up, your whole identity is shattered. It's like death.There is something about poverty that smells like death.His death was the first time that Ed Wynn ever made anyone sad.To be honest, I'm scared to death of rollercoaster rides.Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.You don't have people chanting 'Death to America' in Israel.As a kid, all I thought about was death. But you can't tell your parents that.The death penalty is becoming a way of life in this country.Death comes not to the living soul, nor age to the loving heart.I'm working myself to death.Life is a predicament which precedes death.Death is inevitable, but Life - that's the tricky bit where things happen.He who does not fear death cares naught for threats.Each instant of life is a step toward death.Science without conscience is the death of the soul.For tis not in mere death that men die most.Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
I'm not afraid of death.
The distinctions of fine art bore me to death.
As a kid, all I thought about was death.
Death is a delightful hiding place for weary men.
I know I'm drinking myself to a slow death, but then I'm in no hurry.
I've always been scared to death of pain - afraid, even, to think of it.
Have an earnestness for death and you will have life.
The sole equality on earth is death.
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all.
I feel like I don't watch that many shows with death.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Death, the final, triumphant lover.
I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
Death is the final wake-up call.
We have a limit, a very discouraging, humiliating limit: death.
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.
Failure too is a form of death.
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.
The thing about death is that it's honest.
I'm more afraid of marriage than death.
Giving is good, but taking is bad and brings death.
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.
I mean, death is a serious thing, certainly not to be sneezed at.
Long hair is an unpardonable offence which should be punishable by death.
Men should be bewailed at their birth, and not at their death.
It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
The only religious way to think of death is as part and parcel of life.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death.
I mean, Sting is one of my great buddies and I love him to death.
Marriage can be viewed as the waiting room for death.
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.
I am against the death penalty.
To awake from death is to die in peace.
Death is feared as birth is forgotten.
When death has you by the throat, you don't mince words.
Liberty for wolves is death to the lambs.
Virtue alone has majesty in death.
Less base the fear of death than fear of life.
Life is the desert, life the solitude, death joins us to the great majority.
People are scared to death of dying. I am the opposite.
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.
I looked Death right in the face.
We are all of us resigned to death: it's life we aren't resigned to.
The approach of death certainly concentrates the mind.
We see death constantly on film.
Michael SheenThe most dire disaster in love is the death of imagination.Life and death have been lacking in my life.My children are magical creatures and I love them to death.Early this morning, I signed my death warrant.I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.Death's an old joke, but each individual encounters it anew.We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.I love myself. Anything that has my name I'm tickled to death.Sin brought death, and death will disappear with the disappearance of sin.There is nothing glamorous about death.Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.The coward sneaks to death the brave live on.The police came to me to say I had death threats and that I had to be careful!I think people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.I have had death threats from people with fixations.The line between life or death is determined by what we are willing to do.I was ready to quit music. It felt to me like music equalled death.Of all the artists on Death Row, none of them went bankrupt.We all labor against our own cure, for death is the cure of all diseases.When I die, don't let my death stop the resistance.Death by starvation is slow.In this situation I was constantly exposed to danger and death.Hitchcock had to fight to the death to make his movies.After my mother's death, I had such difficulty relating to people.Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.You've gotta know what death is to know life!Life is like a very short visit to a toyshop between birth and death.Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.He who is obsessed by death is made guilty by it.I have sometimes imagined my own death and brought myself to tears.Any existence deprived of freedom is a kind of death.Nothing is absolute, with the debatable exceptions of this statement and death.If you have fun, fine. It's not all life and death.I think life is sacred, whether it's abortion or the death penalty.I am deeply saddened by the death of my dear friend, Dudley Moore.If I ever completely lost my nervousness I would be frightened half to death.I don't think of death in a romantic way anymore.
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide, and she hides it well.
I like death. I'm a big fan of it.
Washington, not Jefferson, freed his slaves upon his death.
I just don't get death at all. Yes, it's there. But I don't get it.
Nothing is a matter of life and death except life and death.
I don't want to hear about my death.
Death doesn't frighten me now I can think peacefully of ending a long life.
Defeat the fear of death and you welcome the death of fear.
It is not death, but dying, which is terrible.
Death is a very important part of life.
Depakote also has a really bad side effect, which is death.
The death penalty is being applied in the United States as a fatal lottery.
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
The artist in me cries out for design.
Sometimes I can't figure designers out. It's as if they flunked human anatomy.
Many things difficult to design prove easy to performance.
I don't design clothes, I design dreams.
Good design is good business.
The urge for good design is the same as the urge to go on living.
Sacred spaces can be created in any environment.
Delay always breeds danger and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.
Luck is the residue of design.
Color does not add a pleasant quality to design - it reinforces it.
Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design.
Design is not for philosophy it's for life.
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.
Design is everything. Everything!
I like the body. I like to design everything to do with the body.
The primary factor is proportions.
I design for the woman who loves being a woman.
Good design doesn't date.
I think it's really important to design things with a kind of personality.
Accessible design is good design.
In my opinion, no single design is apt to be optimal for everyone.
The proper study of mankind is the science of design.
Design is people.
A designer is only as good as the star who wears her clothes.
Design is an unknown.
Designs of purely arbitrary nature cannot be expected to last long.
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
I really see myself continuing to design clothes, fragrances.
I don't act, I don't direct, I don't design.
I help design my own tennis clothes.
Interior design is a business of trust.
Now I design what I want to wear, and it works that way.
I like the gritty parts of fashion, the design, the studio, the pictures.
I love design.
I'd love to design bridal dresses.
When I come to a design decision, people know that is that.
Leopard is an animal design, and my designs come from nature.
I don't design down to a price.
The details are not the details. They make the design.
I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.
Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design.
I'm opinionated. I always stick to my design plan. I don't waver.
God is His own Design and End, and that there is no other Worthy of Him.
I studied literature design and fashion design.
Organisms by their design are not made to adapt too far.
Design my own line? No, I just like the culture.
I am always locked in my design studio.
I won't give up my day job of design.
French design hardly exists, except as artificial modernism.
I design for myself and the first question I ask is, 'Would I wear it?'
After working with clothes for so long, it seemed right to design them.
User-centered design means working with your users all throughout the project.
I prefer design by experts - by people who know what they are doing.
The federal debt in this country is principally of Republican design.
Ultimately we may still ask, why can't humans design a perfect society?
I've generally got a good eye for design and proportion.
Beautiful Evidence is about the theory and practice of analytical design.
I discovered at an early age that all I've ever wanted to do is design.
Perhaps I'd like to design cars, but I don't think I'd be much good at it.
So I went for engineering, specifically product design, which I enjoyed.
I design some of my own clothes now.
It is very important to lead the field and innovate in game design.
Golf course design is exciting.
I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.
I've always loved interior design.
Nothing they design ever gets in the way of a work of art.
I finished high school there and then I went to Rhode Island School of Design.
After all, C++ isn't a perfect match for Java's design aims either.
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.
So much of design is context.
Intelligent design itself does not have any content.
Design can change how you look at yourself.
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.
I just bought a Mac to help me design the next Cray.
David BromstadI try to look at design from a more conceptual standpoint.By means of tracing-paper I transfer my design to the wood and draw on that.Design has taken the place of what sailing used to be.No disease that can be treated by diet should be treated with any other means.Diets, like clothes, should be tailored to you.Health food makes me sick.I don't eat junk foods and I don't think junk thoughts.In France, cooking is a serious art form and a national sport.I don't go long without eating. I never starve myself: I grab a healthy snack.I don't believe in dieting.High-quality food is better for your health.The only way you get that fat off is to eat less and exercise more.I never diet. I smoke. I drink now and then. I never work out.I'm lucky, I don't like sweets, not even chocolate.People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.We can all put weight on or lose weight.I'm very girly. I love to talk about diets, exercise, kids, make-up.I highly recommend worrying. It is much more effective than dieting.It looks to me to be obvious that the whole world cannot eat an American diet.I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.Leave the table while you still feel you could eat a little more.You can't be fat and fast, too so lift, run, diet and work.I don't believe in fad diets.A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat.Food is an important part of a balanced diet.An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day.I have to be on such a strict diet constantly.The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet.I'm only drinking white wine because I'm on a diet and I don't eat.I drink Diet Coke from the minute I get up to the minute I go to bed.I need my food to keep my energy up, so I can't really diet.I don't do the gym and I don't diet. I'm vegetarian but I don't diet.Weight Watchers is not intimidating. It's not a diet. It's a lifestyle.Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.I can't be on the cheeseburger diet all the time.Since having the babies, I realize that 90 percent of losing weight is my diet.Sometimes I've had to put myself on a diet.I've tried just about every crazy diet you can imagine.Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.The first couple of days on the detox diet aren't pleasant.I try my best to be extremely disciplined about my diet.Push-ups, sit-ups, and a strict diet of raisins. That's my plan.I'm an emotional eater. When I get upset, my diet goes out the window.You can't exercise your way out of a bad diet.I box for four hours a week and my diet is pretty healthy.I was elected to the Diet in the same way as at every parliamentary election.I was member of the Diet as long as it existed, until May 1933.The Diet was dissolved by a Reich Government decree.Far too many times over the next 12 to 15 years, it was brough"
Kenneth H. Cooper
I've probably tried every fad diet in the world.
Breastfeeding is the very best diet I've been on.
I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it.
I'm on this diet where you're supposed to eat only fish and meat.
I've done every diet there is.
I'm not strictly vegetarian, but meat doesn't play a big part in my diet.
Fruit is definitely on the maintenance diet. It's on the lifestyle diet.
A diet should be named after what you do eat, not what you don't eat.
I have to be very careful about diet and exercise.
I've never been on a fad diet.
The right diet directs sexual energy into the parts that matter.
A bonus: You don't have to diet to direct.
My diet is always terrible, unfortunately. I don't know moderation.
Mine is the least fat diet in the world.
I think by planning an exercise regime, your diet follows to some extent.
She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on.
The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet, and Dr. Merryman.
Hope is a very thin diet.
My soul is dark with stormy riot: directly traced over to diet.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
Sleep is the best meditation.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together.
Do all you can to make your dreams come true.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Dreams are the touchstones of our character.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams.
Who looks outside, dreams who looks inside, awakes.
Dreams are necessary to life.
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be.
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths.
Youth is a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
Dream in a pragmatic way.
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?
In dreams begins responsibility.
Sometimes, the only realists are the dreamers.
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.
When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.
Dreaming or awake, we perceive only events that have meaning to us.
All men of action are dreamers.
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth.
Dream manfully and nobly, and thy dreams shall be prophets.
I am a dreamer. Seriously, I'm living on another planet.
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough.
Dreaming of a tomorrow, which tomorrow, will be as distant then as 'tis today.
Dreaming men are haunted men.
Man is a genius when he is dreaming.
We are near waking when we dream we are dreaming.
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.
Was it only by dreaming or writing that I could find out what I thought?
We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true.
The interpretation of dreams is a great art.
Everybody's a dreamer.
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.
You can plant a dream.
Writers write. Dreamers talk about it.
Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer.
Strivers achieve what dreamers believe.
We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams.
Only things the dreamers make live on. They are the eternal conquerors.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
I'll let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours.
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking.
Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.
Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.
When all of your wishes are granted, many of your dreams will be destroyed.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.
If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams.
Follow your dreams, believe in yourself and don't give up.
I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Dreams are illustrations... from the book your soul is writing about you.
Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind.
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
I'm not just a boy toy. I have feelings and dreams like anybody else.
When the legends die, the dreams end there is no more greatness.
Flying dreams mean that you're doing the right thing with your life.
But are not the dreams of poets and the tales of travellers notoriously false?
For all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
Follow your dreams. Just make sure to have fun too.
Freedom and democracy are dreams you never give up.
Dreams are like paper, they tear so easily.
I don't design clothes, I design dreams.
Stay focused, go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals.
Dreams are real as long as they last. Can we say more of life?
I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.
At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable.
For even in dreams a good deed is not lost.
Whatever dreams I have wished have come true.
Angie StoneLife being what it is, one dreams of revenge.I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.Learn from your dreams what you lack.Without peace, all other dreams vanish and are reduced to ashes.Our dreams drench us in senses, and senses steps us again in dreams.Like dreams, statistics are a form of wish fulfillment.Saddle your dreams before you ride em.Genius is an African who dreams up snow.We use our parents like recurring dreams, to be entered into when needed.Dreams get you into the future and add excitement to the present.Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.Hold fast to dreams For when dreams go Life is a barren field Frozen with snow.We must not let our passions destroy our dreams.My life turned out to be beyond my greatest dreams.It has been my observation that parents kill more dreams than anybody.I have those dreams that you can't put into words.A dream is a scripture, and many scriptures are nothing but dreams.My dreams have become puny with the reality my life has become.I've had dreams about tricks.I love watching people's dreams come true.And our dreams are who we are.You can't break my spirit, it's my dreams you take.Big dreams create the magic that stir men's souls to greatness.My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.Field of Dreams is probably our generation's It's A Wonderful Life.I'm living out my dreams and I love what I do.
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.
Dream the impossible because dreams do come true.
Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it.
Take what you can from your dreams, make them as real as anything.
God, that dumping ground of our dreams.
You know, one of my biggest dreams in life is to play a Disney princess.
The Columbia is lost, but the dreams that inspired its crew remain with us.
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life.
Vain hopes are like certain dreams of those who wake.
My dreams are all follies.
Dreams do come true. If anyone's proof of that, it's me.
My mother gave me my drive but my father gave me my dreams.
You have to dream dreams to live dreams.
It was never in my dreams to make my personal life anybody else's business.
No person has the right to rain on your dreams.
I am rich beyond the dreams of avarice.
I'm particularly proud of my reluctance to share my dreams with anyone.
We live because of the dreams.
If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts.
Dreams are illusions, and we can't let go of them because we would be dead.
I have absurdly vivid dreams.
I mean, every child at one stage dreams of being a prince or a princess.
Dreams seem to have a will of their own.
I think everyone dreams of that nice romantic wedding.
I've never dreamed of a story idea. I have such boring dreams.
Our dreams are made of real things, like a shoebox full of photographs.
Sometimes your dreams come true.
I married the man of my dreams in 1998.
Men are the dreams of a shadow.
When I was in high school, I don't know that I really had big dreams.
I was a great dreamer of day dreams.
I've accomplished a lot, but I still have more dreams that I want to achieve.
I actually build my dreams around the dancers I've got in my company.
I'm sure I have a process, but it mostly takes place in my dreams.
I began my career with infantile dreams of becoming a composer.
Tommy HilfigerHappiness is making your dreams come true.Dreams are, by definition, cursed with short life spans.My dreams were at once more fantastic and agreeable than my writings.An Academy Award nomination is stuff dreams are made of.Don't give up your dreams.I never had any big dreams about doing something on a huge scale.You can't censor people's dreams.Dreams are a scientific fact.One of my dreams in life is to do fund-raising for the youth.Anderson Cooper every night dreams about getting my job permanently really.My dreams are of water. And my nightmares.Don't let your dreams be dreams.We control the content of our dreams.Maybe the body learns from dreams. Maybe the muscles, the neutrons, revitalize.I still marvel at how God turns dreams into reality.I worshipped Berry Gordy for the creative dreams he had made come true.Never let your dreams go away.I've got heaps of dreams.Dreams say what they mean, but they don't say it in daytime language.You've got to have dreams to keep you going.Sexual dreams aren't usually about sex.Here Fashion is a despot, and no one dreams of evading its dictates.Let your dreams outgrow the shoes of your expectations.I have my own production company called Urban Dreams.
I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams.
I don't have dreams. How can I say it? I myself am a dream.
I really want to live in New York. That's the city of my dreams.
Dreams have only the pigmentation of fact.
Believe in and follow your dreams.
If there were dreams to sell, what would you buy?
The man who never dreams, goes slowly mad.
To be here today is just beyond my wildest dreams.
Am I athletic? In my dreams.
Seems like half my anxiety dreams are about airports.
The Olympics is about letting people believe in their own dreams.
Hopefully kids will look at me and see that your dreams can come true.
Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake.
It's surreal to know my dreams are coming true.
Hollywood is the dream factory, and no one dreams about older women.
I just want to be myself and go for my own dreams and goals.
Dreams sometimes foretell the future.
If you have a dream, just lie about it. Lie your way unto your dreams.
Las Vegas is a very strange place. It's a place of broken dreams.
I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams.
Dreams can come true.
We don't have an eternity to realize our dreams, only the time we are here.
In my dreams I am not crippled. In my dreams, I dance.
We didn't know how to run a business, but we had dreams and talent.
Hollywood has always been a cage... a cage to catch our dreams.
I look up to people who succeed in accomplishing their dreams.
Dreams have as much influence as actions.
In my wildest dreams I never thought - well, I never thought I'd work.
Dreams grow holy put in action.
Dreams take you beyond what you think you can do in life.
It's not too late, I can still live my dreams.
We are selling dreams. We are merchants of happiness.
Every actor dreams of getting a big break, a big opportunity.
The armored cars of dreams, contrived to let us do so many a dangerous thing.
Ground not upon dreams you know they are ever contrary.
All my dreams are coming true all across the board for some reason.
Wide awake I can make my most fantastic dreams come true.
You don't get old until you replace dreams with regrets.
In our dreams we are always young.
Don't be afraid of your dreams.
Tell me about yourself - your struggles, your dreams, your telephone number.
I'll see you in my dreams.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
Education is not preparation for life education is life itself.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
The doer alone learneth.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Learn to think continentally.
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course.
To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.
Education is all a matter of building bridges.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle.
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
An educated people can be easily governed.
Education is the transmission of civilization.
Your library is your paradise.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from.
America is the best half-educated country in the world.
It is always in season for old men to learn.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.
Responsibility educates.
I would like to learn, or remember, how to live.
It has been said that 80% of what people learn is visual.
I learned more stuff in church than I did in the world.
The willingness to learn new skills is very high.
If I had learned education I would not have had time to learn anything else.
Man is what he reads.
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God.
Every educated person is a future enemy.
It is well to read everything of something, and something of everything.
Our universities and museums are respected around the country.
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
I've never let my school interfere with my education.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I never let schooling interfere with my education.
The highest result of education is tolerance.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.
Genius without education is like silver in the mine.
Education is the best provision for old age.
Education comes from within you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
Education is hanging around until you've caught on.
The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.
There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education.
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.
For good nurture and education implant good constitutions.
Nature has always had more force than education.
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.
What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
Common sense is in spite of, not as the result of education.
Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.
Education is the cheap defense of nations.
There is no education like adversity.
Frivolity is inborn, conceit acquired by education.
To make your children capable of honesty is the beginning of education.
The education of a man is never completed until he dies.
Education is indoctrination if you're white - subjugation if you're black.
The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
Knowledge without education is but armed injustice.
Segregation has no place in the education system.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
Men of polite learning and a liberal education.
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul.
Education is not a problem. Education is an opportunity.
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.
Alexander PopeThe foundation of every state is the education of its youth.Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.
Education is our only political safety. Outside of this ark all is deluge.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
The mere imparting of information is not education.
I know what it feels like to struggle to get the education that you need.
William CongreveFreedom can occur only through education.Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.Television is something the Russians invented to destroy American education.Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education.The key to education is the experience of beauty.It is only the ignorant who despise education.In the new economy, information, education, and motivation are everything.Very likely education does not make very much difference.Education is the art of making man ethical.All real education is the architecture of the soul.You can't legislate good will - that comes through education.I've never been a big believer in formal education.I have to say I have an incredible musical education because of my father.A child's education should begin at least one hundred years before he is born.Education is the movement from darkness to light.Education remains the key to both economic and political empowerment.But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.When I was young I didn't care about education, just money and box office.I give the children education.The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.Education has for its object the formation of character.An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.Education, like neurosis, begins at home.I believe in education and wish I had a better one.Education is the best economic policy there is.
To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees.
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
The formal education that I received made little sense to me.
Education is not so important as people think.
I ain't got much education, but I got some sense.
I am opposed to the use of public funds for private education.
Racial segregation has come back to public education with a vengeance.
Education is for growth and fulfillment.
Arbitrary benchmarks cheat kids out of a fulfilling education.
Education is what most receive, many pass on, and few possess.
Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination.
Education levels the playing field, allowing everyone to compete.
Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.
Education can lift individuals out of poverty and into rewarding careers.
If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.
I don't know if I'm a national education figure.
Education is the mother of leadership.
Sex education has to do with what's in people's head.
Education is a precondition to survival in America today.
Rewards and punishments are the lowest form of education.
Few things are as essential as education.
I have an education, I went to college, you know?
Education is the vaccine for violence.
I've got no education.
Sex education classes are like in-home sales parties for abortions.
Education is a state-controlled manufactory of echoes.
The value of a good education has never left me.
Education is the cornerstone of our communities and our country.
Matt LeBlancI believe that a child going without an education is a crime.Interactions between fathers and children are the starting point of education.Let people have an education and you can't stop them.I did get a degree in special education.Education is what remains when we have forgotten all that we have been taught.A college education shows a man how little other people know.I'd like to work with kids in special education - younger kids.My mum and dad had worked incredibly hard to afford me an education.We're failing our children with education, we're failing our environment.I'm committed to universal health coverage and education.I have a greater goal - to empower young people through music education.Health and education are always issues.Education is a vacine for violence.I definitely had a top-notch education.Latinos care about education, yes, so we need reform, not just money.My idea of the ideal sex education site doesn't exist.I'm essentially a momma's boy with a good education.Education liberates a woman.In Philadelphia, our public safety, p"
Michael Nutter
I only had a high school education and believe me, I had to cheat to get that.
My education and background thoroughly inform my writing.
If you can feed your family, give them an education, then you are a success.
Education brings about opportunity, and in turn inspiration.
Every child should have the opportunity to receive a quality education.
The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living.
The value of an arts education is widely accepted, especially in California.
I'm a big believer in education, period.
I believe in local control of education.
I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning.
Education enables people and societies to be what they can be.
A postsecondary education is the ticket to economic success in America.
Even in a time of fiscal austerity, education is more than just an expense.
I'd repair our education system or replace it with something that works.
I studied secondary education.
The environment is everything that isn't me.
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water.
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
We must return to nature and nature's god.
No one should be able to enter a wilderness by mechanical means.
I think Captain Cousteau might be the father of the environmental movement.
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment.
You may be able to fool the voters, but not the atmosphere.
Unless we keep this planet healthy, everything else is for naught.
People in Slow Food understand that food is an environmental issue.
We don't have to sacrifice a strong economy for a healthy environment.
Industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality its left.
Moral codes adjust themselves to environmental conditions.
Advertising is an environmental striptease for a world of abundance.
Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design.
Environmental pollution is an incurable disease. It can only be prevented.
There are a tremendous amount of environmental issues that are on the table.
Franklin Roosevelt was very concerned about environmental issues.
I like the outdoors and the natural world. Environmental issues.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers.
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
I am free of all prejudices. I hate every one equally.
The battle for women's rights has been largely won.
All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They.
Equality is the soul of liberty there is, in fact, no liberty without it.
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
The year was 2081, and everyone was finally equal.
Do not call for black power or green power. Call for brain power.
The cry of equality pulls everyone down.
Virtue can only flourish among equals.
All imaginable futures are not equally possible.
Nobody really believes in equality anyway.
I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality.
All men are born equally free.
We are a model country where gender equality is concerned.
Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition.
I am an aristocrat. I love liberty I hate equality.
The extension of women's rights is the basic principle of all social progress.
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.
Disease generally begins that equality which death completes.
Proclaim human equality as loudly as you like, Witless will serve his brother.
Candor is a compliment it implies equality. It's how true friends talk.
Socialism values equality more than liberty.
Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.
The sole equality on earth is death.
Marriage equality changed life for people.
Each country has a soul, and France's soul is equality.
Canada is the homeland of equality, justice and tolerance.
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.
I don't believe in social equality, and they know it.
In 1965, I marched for equality.
Gender equality will only be reached if we are able to empower women.
We live in a world where equality is pretty important.
Equality implies individuality.
All sports must be treated on the basis of equality.
MacklemoreFree trade is very important if we respect equality among nations.The history of the past is but one long struggle upward to equality.We are also further than ever from equality of opportunity.Equality means nothing unless incorporated into the institutions.Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.The only source of knowledge is experience.Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.The years teach much which the days never know.Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it.Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.Experience is the teacher of all things.Experience teaches only the teachable.Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.Conviction without experience makes for harshness.Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.Deep experience is never peaceful.Experience is a good school. But the fees are high.All that I know I learned after I was thirty.Every moment is an experience.Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.What one has not experienced, one will never understand in print.The sky is the limit. You never have the same experience twice.The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely.We are each responsible for all of our experiences.There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply.An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.Real love is a permanently self-enlarging experience.Experience is the only prophecy of wise men.Experience is a great teacher.Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained.All experience is an arch, to build upon.I think we are a product of all our experiences.Information's pretty thin stuff unless mixed with experience.Everything is discursive opinion instead of direct experience.Nothing which has entered into our experience is ever lost.Color is an intense experience on its own.Judgment comes from experience - and experience comes from bad judgment.Not the fruit of experience, but experience itself, is the end.One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?
Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink.
DOS is ugly and interferes with users' experience.
I know it's an experience that I need to have if God's putting me through it.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
William JamesExperience praises the most happy the one who made the most people happy.Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience.Follow that will and that way which experience confirms to be your own.Two things control men's nature, instinct and experience.It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.The reward of suffering is experience.I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.Studies perfect nature and are perfected still by experience.All theory is against freedom of the will all experience for it.The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge that begins with experience.Any experience can be transformed into something of value.Reason, observation, and experience the holy trinity of science.Whatever you dwell on in the conscious grows in your experience.Happiness isn't something you experience it's something you remember.My experience of the world is that things left to themselves don't get right.
Many of the insights of the saint stem from their experience as sinners.
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
All the suffering and joy we experience depend on conditions.
God is only a great imaginative experience.
I write out of my intellectual experience.
High school is such a shared experience in North American culture.
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
I'm not one aspect of the human experience - none of us is.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
The key to education is the experience of beauty.
Experience is like a comb that life gives you when you are bald.
Not to transmit an experience is to betray it.
In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!
Women love working together. That's my experience anyway.
But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge.
It's my experience that you really can't lose when you try the truth.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.
I go by instinct - I don't worry about experience.
Every experience makes you a man.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
I'm not a romantic. In life I didn't have much experience with romance.
Bad experience is a school that only fools keep going to.
Breathe-in experience, breathe-out poetry.
It's more fun to experience things when you don't know what's going to happen.
Truly charismatic people, in my experience, don't come along very often.
Experience is what you get while looking for something else.
Judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
An enormous part of our mature experience cannot not be expressed in words.
Experience is what enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
You don't cheat anybody out of their experience, whatever it is.
I had a lot of experience with people smarter than I am.
There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.
I do write a lot from personal experience, but I also embellish a bit.
Music is subjective to everyone's unique experience.
Obviously an actor draws on his own experience.
Producing is just a big learning experience.
Fatigue is what we experience, but it is what a match is to an atomic bomb.
You have to experience life, make observations, and ask questions.
Performing is a profound experience, at least for me.
Every day is a new experience and I take it as it comes.
The spectacles of experience through them you will see clearly a second time.
I wanted to experience New York, to look up and see buildings.
I'm not particularly precious about the theatrical experience any more.
A lot of why I do something is just the novelty of the experience.
All experience is subjective.
Doesn't all experience crumble in the end to mere literary material?
I like directors who have worked as actors. They know the experience.
There's no wrong way to experience a film.
In fact the experience at Oxford has really helped me later in life.
I learn from experience.
There's no experience like on-the-job training.
Yes, all my songs come from personal experience and relationships.
I guess my experience with some stuff is kind of abstract.
For me, I'd rather have an intense experience than not.
I enjoy writing but I much prefer the experience of having written.
Other people do not have to change for us to experience peace of mind.
Donny OsmondIt's been quite an experience, being conservative and living in the North East.The only time I ever went hunting I remembered it as a grisly experience.Learning is a tunnel experience that makes us think more broadly.In almost everything, experience is more valuable than precept.By experience we find out a short way by a long wandering.Experience tells you what to do confidence allows you to do it.Physics is experience, arranged in economical order.I'm a very professional man. I'm not out for the experience of adventure.
I just love to experience things. I would do almost anything once.
Experience is the extract of suffering.
Magicians lose the opportunity to experience a sense of wonder.
I've had a great experience with pretty much everybody I've worked with.
My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.
In my experience an appreciative letter from a fellow writer means a lot.
Work is a substitute religious experience for many workaholics.
The utmost thing is the user experience, to have the most useful experience.
We believe that Lebanon has been the first real experience for all the Arabs.
There are some things you only learn through experience.
Being in love is the only transcendent experience.
A man of conviction is often more to be desired than a man of experience.
Judgment comes from experience and great judgment comes from bad experience.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
There is no such thing as failure. There are only results.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Go on failing. Go on. Only next time, try to fail better.
Failure is a word unknown to me.
Every failure is a step to success.
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Indecision and delays are the parents of failure.
Do not blame anybody for your mistakes and failures.
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
Success and failure are equally disastrous.
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.
You gotta lose 'em some of the time. When you do, lose 'em right.
The only risk of failure is promotion.
Do not let your ambitions become a sanctuary for your failures.
A life which does not go into action is a failure.
A hatred of failure has always been part of my nature.
Success is never final, but failure can be.
Failure is always an option.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail.
Don't be afraid of failure be afraid of petty success.
My life has been nothing but a failure.
You always pass failure on your way to success.
I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play and win.
We may be personally defeated, but our principles never!
The world is divided into two categories: failures and unknowns.
Failure is a word that I simply don't accept.
The most important of my discoveries have been suggested to me by my failures.
Before you can win a game, you have to not lose it.
I wasn't afraid to fail. Something good always comes out of failure.
Losing is no disgrace if you've given your best.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
Never fret for an only son, the idea of failure will never occur to him.
Failure is the key to success each mistake teaches us something.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
My reputation grows with every failure.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
Optimism is a kind of heart stimulant - the digitalis of failure.
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.
Why should anybody be interested in some old man who was a failure?
Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objectives and principles.
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Destiny: A tyrant's authority for crime and a fool's excuse for failure.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.
All human actions are equivalent and all are on principle doomed to failure.
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
War remains the decisive human failure.
There is not a fiercer hell than the failure in a great object.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from.
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Failure means a stripping away of the inessential.
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
Sometimes failure isn't an opportunity in disguise, it's just you.
Failure has gone to his head.
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.
A real failure does not need an excuse. It is an end in itself.
Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
You have to be able to accept failure to get better.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure.
Translation is the art of failure.
Not failure, but low aim is sin.
Failure is a part of success.
We know there is no such thing as freedom without the risk of failure.
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.
There are no mistakes, save one: the failure to learn from a mistake.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
Who I am as a guitarist is defined by my failure to become Jimi Hendrix.
There's no right or wrong, success or failure.
In politics, what begins in fear usually ends in failure.
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure.
Failure is impossible.
All war represents a failure of diplomacy.
But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.
There is no such thing as darkness only a failure to see.
Failure's a natural part of life.
The only failure is not to try.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.
Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.
Failure too is a form of death.
Success needs no explanation. Failure does not have one that matters.
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator.
It takes two to make a marriage a success and only one to make it a failure.
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure.
I will not be discouraged by failure I will not be elated by success.
The mere thought of divorce terrified me. To me, divorce symbolized failure.
I feel, in the end, as if everything I've done has been a failure.
You can't have any successes unless you can accept failure.
Failure doesn't kill you... it increases your desire to make something happen.
I've had a lot of success I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.
Failure is an enigma. You worry about it, and it teaches you something.
If you try to do your best there is no failure.
It's not that we fly by the seat of our pants. We're not afraid of failure.
I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure.
My biggest failure is I have too many to talk about.
The man who has won millions at the cost of his conscience is a failure.
Well, I think it's too early to call Fallujah a failure.
I was convicted of three misdemeanors of willful failure to file a form.
He who has conquered doubt and fear has conquered failure.
Success is 99 percent failure.
If you're not a born-again Christian, you're a failure as a human being.
Admitting failure is quite cleansing, but never - pleasurable.
If you're 40 years old and you've never had a failure, you've been deprived.
Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.
Failure? Scared to death of it.
My films seem to be about men's struggle with failure.
Outward failure may be a manifested variant of inward success.
I didn't fear failure. I expected failure.
In Iraq we must succeed. Failure is not an option.
Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing.
With failure, you just try again.
But if you have a solid walk with the Lord, then you won't fear that failure.
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.
Success is not forever and failure isn't fatal.
How one handles success or failure is determined by their early childhood.
If I didn't have children, I think my life would be a failure.
I believe only in art and failure.
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.
Definitely, it's a fear of failure that drives me.
Failure is unfortunately as common as success.
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.
Philanthropic colonization is a failure. National colonization will succeed.
Success is a public affair. Failure is a private funeral.
I think that failure by your own standards is certainly a form of success.
What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.
War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination.
There's no such thing as failure - just waiting for success.
War is failure of diplomacy.
Don't come home a failure.
Success is always less funny than failure.
The hippy movement was a failure.
A film's success or failure is strictly on the director's shoulders.
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Failure's not a bad thing. It builds character. It makes you stronger.
A love of nature is a consolation against failure.
I think you can learn as much from success as you can from failure.
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.
You cannot learn anything from success, you only learn from failure.
Most of the work performed by a development engineer results in failure.
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.
There is always time for failure.
Learning starts with failure the first failure is the beginning of education.
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something.
One failure is worth seven and a half successes.
Nothing fails like failure.
As a younger player, you always kind of play with that fear of failure.
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.
I grew up playing sports. There is a clear line between success and failure.
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
In Washington, success is just a training course for failure.
Never permit failure to become a habit.
Failure is not a crime. The crime is not trying.
I had to succeed. Failure means I would have to be homeless again.
I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.
It really is impossible not to like him. His success was his failure.
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Failure is not fatal victory is not success.
There's only one thing that can guarantee our failure, and that's if we quit.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
God always takes the simplest way.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.
God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Faith: not wanting to know what is true.
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.
We are never defeated unless we give up on God.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.
God enters by a private door into every individual.
Our faith comes in moments our vice is habitual.
The faith that stands on authority is not faith.
Pray, and let God worry.
A faith is a necessity to a man. Woe to him who believes in nothing.
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.
Faith is a passionate intuition.
Faith is spiritualized imagination.
Have faith in God God has faith in you.
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
I live and love in God's peculiar light.
God continues to work miracles in my life.
He wants you all to Himself to put His loving, divine arms around you.
To me faith means not worrying.
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch.
Keep your faith in God, but keep your powder dry.
Reason is our soul's left hand, faith her right.
Ultimately, blind faith is the only kind.
Worry is spiritual short sight. Its cure is intelligent faith.
Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.
Knowledge is only one half. Faith is the other.
It is truer to say that martyrs create faith more than faith creates martyrs.
I hold that religion and faith are two different things.
My reason nourishes my faith and my faith my reason.
All that I am I owe to Jesus Christ, revealed to me in His divine Book.
We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.
I die the king's faithful servant, but God's first.
Faith is reason grown courageous.
Only faith is sufficient.
Vision looks upward and becomes faith.
Faith is not contrary to reason.
I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
My faith helps me overcome such negative emotions and find my equilibrium.
Faith... must be enforced by reason... when faith becomes blind it dies.
But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.
Intolerance betrays want of faith in one's cause.
Non-violence is the article of faith.
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.
The way to see by Faith is to shut the Eye of Reason.
I have great faith in fools self-confidence my friends call it.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
Faith never makes a confession.
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Fear clogs faith liberates.
If you have no faith, you've lost your battle.
Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
Faith must trample under foot all reason, sense, and understanding.
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
I forbid you, agnostic, doubting thoughts, to destroy the house of my faith.
You know, my faith is one that admits some doubt.
Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.
Faith is permitting ourselves to be seized by the things we do not see.
Reason is the enemy of faith.
Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
A library implies an act of faith.
Forgiveness is like faith. You have to keep reviving it.
Not brute force but only persuasion and faith are the kings of this world.
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.
There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds.
A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.
Faith is a state of openness or trust.
Faith embraces many truths which seem to contradict each other.
Painting is a faith, and it imposes the duty to disregard public opinion.
Duty cannot exist without faith.
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying.
Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains.
Blind faith in your leaders, or in anything, will get you killed.
You can do very little with faith, but you can do nothing without it.
Faith - you can do very little with it, but you can do nothing without it.
Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will.
Bad faith likes discourse on friendship and loyalty.
Doubt is not the opposite of faith it is one element of faith.
I have no mystic faith in the people. I have in the individual.
Faith begins where Reason sinks exhausted.
Faith is what someone knows to be true, whether they believe it or not.
To disbelieve is easy to scoff is simple to have faith is harder.
An Adult faith does not follow the waves of fashion and the latest novelties.
If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.
Faith crosses every border and touches every heart in every nation.
Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.
I never really had the classic struggle. I had faith.
Corruption is nature's way of restoring our faith in democracy.
Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
If I were dying my last words would be: Have faith and pursue the unknown end.
Take away hatred from some people, and you have men without faith.
Obedience is an act of faith disobedience is the result of unbelief.
I've lost my faith in science.
Base souls have no faith in great individuals.
Between understanding and faith immediate connections must subsist.
Faith Hill is a big role model.
You just have to have a simple faith.
Prayer is as natural an expression of faith as breathing is of life.
If you want to lose your faith, make friends with a priest.
Fight the good fight of faith, and God will give you spiritual mercies.
I don't know if the average person really has faith in Washington anymore.
The principle part of faith is patience.
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.
Obedience is the fruit of faith.
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
I see heaven's glories shine and faith shines equal.
Faith is the state of being ultimately concerned.
The important things are children, honesty, integrity and faith.
I am one of those who would rather sink with faith than swim without it.
An Adult faith does not follow the waves of fashion and the latest novelties.
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.
Faith is the ticket to the feast, not the feast.
Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.
The Bible is our rule of faith and doctrine.
All is amiss. Love is dying, faith's defying, heart's denying.
True faith is belief in the reality of absolute values.
But every act in consequence of our faith, strengthens faith.
Aiden Wilson TozerBut I don't necessarily define my faith by going to church every Sunday.The greatest act of faith is when a man understands he is not God.The great act of faith is when a man decides he is not God.Not truth, but faith, it is that keeps the world alive.The saddest thing that befalls a soul is when it loses faith in God and woman.I don't need faith.He who is not impressed by sound advice, lacks faith.Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.Faith is the confidence, the assurance, the enforcing truth, the knowing.It's OK to be outspoken about your faith.Intelligence must follow faith, never precede it, and never destroy it.There are so many people that don't believe in themselves and don't have faith.Everything I am I owe to my faith and secondly to parents who were old school.I had lost faith in biography.If you desire faith, then you have faith enough.For both faith and want of faith have destroyed men alike.When faith is lost, when honor dies, the man is dead.Faith is important to me.The abuse of faith has to be resisted precisely.Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.It is not reason which makes faith hard, but life.Faith, sir, we are here today, and gone tomorrow.It's a leap of faith doing any serialised storytelling.Faith is not a sense, nor sight, nor reason, but taking God at His work.Faith is never identical with piety.Faith is personal if it's to be real.I never search for a reason why - I have faith in the Lord's purpose.I'm about as big a star as the Baha'i faith has got, which is pretty pathetic.Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.The investigator should have a robust faith - and yet not believe.My faith means everything to me. God and I talk constantly.Film is an illusion. Fame is ephemeral. Faith and family are what endure.Boris Kodjoe
When did we begin to lose faith in our ability to effect change?
First, I prepare. Then I have faith.
Faith, culture, structure and guidance are good things.
I have never lost my faith in God.
I think the Moslem faith teaches hate.
In a democracy, dissent is an act of faith.
I just have faith. It's just there. It's not any big deal.
I have a great faith in God and Jesus.
I don't have too much faith in destiny, or an afterlife. This is it.
Stand straight, walk proud, have a little faith.
Is a faith without action a sincere faith?
My faith doesn't go over real well in Hollywood.
I'm just glad that my community has faith and confidence in me.
The substance of faith is a hope in the unseen.
The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over.
To believe only possibilities is not faith, but mere philosophy.
As reason is a rebel to faith, so passion is a rebel to reason.
The faith I was born into formed me.
Have faith in your own thoughts.
Faith is the black person's federal reserve system.
Human societies, like human beings, live by faith and die when faith dies.
I try to act out of faith.
We receive by faith and we keep it by faith.
I want people to just to see, all you got to do is have a little faith.
I have faith in the jury system.
My faith always has been and always will be important to me.
I do not purpose to discuss faith in its dogmatic sense today.
If, then, faith widens the connections, it elevates the man.
I have faith in the market when we get the rules right.
My faith has no bed to sleep upon but omnipotence.
Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith.
I believe that my own Christian faith does indeed make universal claims.
The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.
I believe in faith, family and country. I really keep it that simple.
The principle of acting in good faith is at the heart of decent work.
I haven't chosen to make an issue of faith.
Justifying faith is not a naked assent to the truths of the gospel.
Godliness, as well as the doctrine of our faith, is a mystery.
The independence of the economic sphere was a tenet of faith with Liberalism.
Of course, Americans have no monopoly of patriotic enthusiasm and good faith.
I'm not Candide, nor Dr Pangloss, but we know that faith moves mountains.
I think there is a great deal of interest still in the Christian faith.
I have a lot of faith in people.
In the third century after Christ the faith continued to spread.
The enemy is not Islam, the great world faith, but a perversion of Islam.
Faith is the heroism of the intellect.
All the faith and good will in the world is wasted without direction.
If faith is your motivation, share that.
Put your faith in God and confidence in yourself.
I still have great faith in what is good and right in all of us.
The historical orthodox Christian faith is extremely wide and diverse.
The orthodox Jewish faith practically excludes woman from religious life.
While your life is the true expression of your faith, whom can you fear?
Have a little faith. Don't give up.
I have learned to have more faith in the scientist than he does in himself.
I've been brought up with the Christian faith with my family.
Voters must have faith in the electoral process for our democracy to succeed.
God's got something for me. I have faith it'll be OK.
Faith is believing in things when common sense tells you not to.
Personal faith can be a powerful force for public good.
Millions of Americans find community, comfort and support in their faith.
I've always had great faith in people.
Faith is a higher faculty than reason.
I've always had great faith in the Man Upstairs.
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
Family is not an important thing. It's everything.
Family is the most important thing in the world.
A family can develop only with a loving woman as its center.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys.
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Dad kept us out of school, but school comes and goes. Family is forever.
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
My family is my strength and my weakness.
Rarely do members of the same family grow up under the same roof.
When trouble comes, it's your family that supports you.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
The family is the first essential cell of human society.
One of the things that binds us as a family is a shared sense of humor.
What must it be like for a little boy to read that daddy never loved mummy?
The family is the nucleus of civilization.
I've always put my family first and that's just the way it is.
I don't think anyone has a normal family.
My kids give me the balance to live right.
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.
Tennis just a game, family is forever.
I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other.
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.
Women's natural role is to be a pillar of the family.
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends.
A woman can plan when to have her family and how to support a family.
My family is more important than my party.
I am the family face flesh perishes, I live on.
I stay in tune with my family and God.
When I'm ready, I plan to adopt. I still believe in family.
I would rather start a family than finish one.
You have to defend your honor. And your family.
At a certain point I'm going to want to have a family.
I love my family.
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
My family was my guide to my reality.
I love cooking for myself and cooking for my family.
I live quietly at home among my family and friends.
I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.
The most difficult is the first family, to bring someone out of the world.
Family, nature and health all go together.
The foundation of family - that's where it all begins for me.
My family background was deeply Christian.
The joke in our family is that we can cry reading the phone book.
Our family life was certainly not intellectual.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Actors are one family over the entire world.
I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.
With all my fans I got a family again.
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.
Family is conflict and it's something that we all relate to.
I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
My biggest hobby is hanging out with my family and kids.
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.
All in the Family was intellectual it was art.
In my family, we were Americans, we were Republicans and we were Methodists.
No amount of law enforcement can solve a problem that goes back to the family.
My work and my family are very important to me.
Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America.
I had this child, and it destroyed my family.
Universal peace sounds ridiculous to the head of an average family.
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.
In God's family, there are no outsiders, no enemies.
Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.
Everything family does is reflection on the other people.
My mother has always been the social glue holding the family together.
I talked about my family, my family's so important.
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.
For the Nugent family, fast food is a running herbivore.
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families.
I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.
I am just happy to be part of the Nike family.
I want to make sure my family's straight.
It is awesome to feel you are carrying on the family name.
My family really does come first. It always did and always will.
I like to be judged by my family and friends because they know me.
I come from a very non-accepting family, but I'm very accepting.
America's a family. We all yell at each other. It all works out.
Family comes first. You're the only thing they have.
My family, my parents are hippies.
I enjoy what I'm able to give my family.
My family's lineage is five generations of artists who never made it.
I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves.
My ultimate life dream project is my kids. My family.
A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family.
Acting is just a way of making a living, the family is life.
I'm from a lower middle class background all my family were immigrants.
I need my family to remind me in a loving and nice way to lighten up.
I have to make it my job to be careful with my family.
I did come from a pretty independent-minded family.
There are just so many stories that are buried on family trees.
My father was the center of the family, and everyone tried to please him.
I have an obligation to try to live as long as I can for my family.
My goal is to get everybody in America to do their family tree.
Seeing the family is a very important part of my weekend.
I'd like to have a family.
My family and I built my whole career from scratch.
My family is awesome.
I grew up in a Navy family.
We were never a family that had a lot. We had enough, but not a lot.
You don't have to give birth to someone to have a family.
The Bible is the great family chronicle of the Jews.
I think the family movie is very important to everybody right now.
Outside of being home with my family, I prefer a crowd.
I don't have a saviour or a royal family.
Everybody sung in my family.
I don't think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family.
Nobody in my family ever thought that I'd a be a model.
I miss my family, and I like being a tourist when I go back.
I want a baby and I want a family, for sure.
My family is my life, and I'll never lose that.
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.
My father never talked about the sacrifices that the family made for me.
I want my family to resemble the family I came from.
Sometimes you can't prioritise family and you feel guilty.
I've always wanted to do a family movie.
Rob SheffieldI approached everything, my job, my family, my romances, with intensity.I'm happiest with my family around me.I'm the git in the family.
My family and friends treat me as they always have.
My health and my family are the core of my being.
I do come from a strong family.
The last three decades have seen the collapse of the family wage system.
How do you rebel in a family of rebels?
I am like a kid. I tell my family and friends I'm like a kid.
My whole family is very sarcastic and constantly making jokes.
The family is the school of duties - founded on love.
My family were from Jamaica.
I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.
My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
Diabetes affects my family. One of my kids is affected by it.
I really appreciate family. I really can't imagine life without them!
I have a family.
I was the first person to go to university from my family.
Ellie GouldingI was the black sheep of the family, and my mother never really understood me.I always wanted to be a farmer. There is a tradition of that in my family.The Royal family to me are not England, and they are not the flag.I'd be a liar if I said I had a normal family.The financial costs of family breakdown are incredibly high.I do a lot of writing about my family.Family is becoming more and more important to me.The name Van Halen, the family legacy, is going to go on long after I'm gone.You know, you only get one family, and you have to make it work.I had no fun. My family was too serious.
Of course I regret not having been able to spend time with my family.
For our immediate family and relatives, Canada was a land of opportunity.
One wants to be together with one's family. That's what families are about.
I have my family, my children - I have a lot of outside activities.
I have a lovely family who supports me and it's great.
I grew up in a dysfunctional family.
My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor.
I had the good fortune of having a happy, closely knit family.
I like being in kids' movies, and I like being in family movies.
I'm not a royal family watcher.
A fellow oughtn't to let his family property go to pieces.
For me, family always comes first I would do anything to protect them.
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
We are a very crafty family.
I have a very strong family.
I need to work to support my family.
I love seeing my family.
Film is an illusion. Fame is ephemeral. Faith and family are what endure.
Baseball life is a tough life on the family.
I work six months and get three or four with the family.
I tend to show everything I do to my family, to check they won't be offended.
My family brought me up to be very respectful of people.
I've always known I wanted a family.
Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
What a heavy burden is a name that has become too famous.
Famous, adj.: Conspicuously miserable.
Martyrdom is the only way a man can become famous without ability.
Andy Warhol made fame more famous.
I wanted to be successful, not famous.
How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long?
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great.
For famous men have the whole earth as their memorial.
You're not famous until my mother has heard of you.
Nothing in life prepares you to be famous.
I can do whatever I want - I'm rich, I'm famous, and I'm bigger than you.
Tom Cruise, he's a lot more famous than me.
I am beautiful, famous and gorgeous.
For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world.
Fate is being kind to me. Fate doesn't want me to be too famous too young.
Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.
Indeed, wretched the man whose fame makes his misfortunes famous.
Celebrity gives us delusion of self importance.
Celebrity, to me, is not a thing to seek.
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.
Public misbehavior by the famous is a powerful teaching tool.
When you become famous, being famous becomes your profession.
Acting is not about being famous, it's about exploring the human soul.
I want to be famous everywhere.
I can't see any value in being a celebrity, famous for being famous.
I will either be famous or infamous.
Sometimes being famous gets in the way of doing what you want to do.
I think that when you are famous every weakness is exaggerated.
Martyrdom: The only way a man can become famous without ability.
To be famous, in fact, one has only to kill one's landlady.
My idea of a good picture is one that's in focus and of a famous person.
In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
I imagined being a famous writer would be like being like Jane Austen.
Yeah, I love being famous. It's almost like being white, y'know?
I'm more interested in being good than being famous.
I love being famous. It's almost like being white.
The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality.
People just assume that if you're famous, you're in Hollywood.
Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather.
You can get rich or famous by doing the same thing.
I never pursued being 'famous.'
Barack Obama is the most famous living person in the history of the world.
I was famous overnight. I went from nowhere to being really big.
The worst thing about being famous is the invasion of your privacy.
To enjoy being famous, you need to have a screw loose.
I'd probably be famous now if I wasn't such a good waitress.
There is this power that comes with being famous.
Duke Ellington was famous for hs very original harmonic patterns.
Why am I so famous? What am I doing right? What are the others doing wrong?
You aren't famous until my mother has heard of you.
My hair was famous before I was.
I'm English. Our dentistry is not world famous.
Just because you're not famous, doesn't mean you're not good.
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.
I'm not a very good impersonator, my friends maybe, but not famous people.
I'm as famous as I want to be.
The Bronx is famous for two things. Hip-hop, and 26 world championships.
I wanted to be famous. I wanted people to talk about me.
I've only ever wanted to be a singer I never wanted to be famous.
I mean I was famous for nothing.
Becoming famous is a strange thing in your own right.
I don't have many famous friends, really, except Simon Cowell.
Usually when I see someone famous, for some reason, I think I know them.
I got the famous Oprah hug!
I'm the man that made wrestling famous.
Being famous is great, it's not like bad or horrible or anything.
I love being famous - it's phenomenal.
I had a sense of who I was before I got famous.
I really feel like it's a travesty to make a child famous. I really do.
Being famous hasn't changed my perception of myself - I've just grown up.
I have never wanted to be famous, as such - fame is a by-product.
Being famous is wicked. But it's better to be normal.
I'm actually about as famous as a fourth division footballer from the 70s.
I don't really consider myself to be famous.
I was obsessed with being rich and famous.
The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you.
I literally was famous before I knew my own name.
It's more important for me to feel content than to be famous.
When I was younger, I used to say, One day I'll be famous.
Face it, I didn't become famous until I took my clothes off.
Being in 'Us Weekly' does not make you famous.
After 'Skins' I became mildly famous, which was a bit of a disaster.
I wanted to go hide. I wasn't looking to be more famous, I'm famous enough.
I never wanted to be famous.
I get recognized, but I'm not really a famous famous.
Once you're famous you can't go back.
To be famous and broke is hard.
At first, I thoroughly enjoyed being famous.
I don't feel famous.
I don't need to be wildly famous for my life to make sense.
Once you become famous, there is nothing left to become but infamous.
You don't become a chef to become famous.
I would have changed my last name if being famous were my goal.
Sometimes you're famous before you're good.
My ultimate dream is to become a famous star because I love to sing.
I felt no pressure that my grandfather was famous and my uncle was famous.
Famous crime stories almost always lead to the passing of new laws.
My name's Jennifer Ellison and one day I'm going to be famous!
It's not like I'm the most famous person in the world.
A lot of the greatest compositions were made famous by Sinatra.
I'd definitely rather be rich than famous.
I don't do the whole, 'Put my name on it, make me famous' thing.
If I wanted to be famous, I could have been famous before.
But I don't feel the need to be famous.
Jason Lee is the most famous actor from Hawaii I can think of.
The advantage of taking pictures of the famous is that they get published.
I was famous from birth.
I am famous because I am an African American jazz artist.
I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it.
I do not like being famous. I like being normal.
I've always been more drawn to being normal than being famous.
It's not my goal to be a famous actor.
I want to be in 'Glee,' but I'm told I'm not famous enough to be a cameo yet.
It was never about winning medals or being famous.
I can never really enjoy being famous.
I became famous almost before I had a craft.
The whole business of getting famous was good fun, but it was a long time ago.
I've never dreamed of being famous. The idea of it really scares me.
I do not take any pleasure whatsoever in being a famous person.
I don't like the idea of famous people.
It's very hard to get rich and famous at a young age and handle it well.
But just playing the partner of someone famous, I had a lot more freedom.
I just want to be rich and famous.
I think I'll always be famous. I just hope I don't become infamous.
I just don't feel much interested in the lifestyles of the rich and famous.
I didn't get into skating to be famous.
The world's most famous and popular language is music.
I never set out to be rich and famous. I wanted to follow my own path.
In Germany I am not so famous.
I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else.
It's hard to have a bad hair day when you're famous.
I'm not unknown, yet I'm not super famous where I can't go anywhere.
Normally, I name my characters after famous comedians.
I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with the idea of being famous.
Having bodyguards is just part of being famous, I think.
Lea ThompsonOK, so I'm not famous for the right reasons.I'm the guy that made Joe DiMaggio famous.And my marriage was perfect when I wasn't famous.I never thought about being famous.I've always been successful. Now I'm famous and successful.All I say is that I don't go out with famous men.I've never been more famous than I was, suddenly, in 1986.
I wanted to be a rich, famous rock-and-roll star in that order.
I'm really in no danger of being perceived as a famous movie actor!
I actually don't feel famous.
King Crimson were the only really famous band I'd been in.
Well, I think a lot of people just want to be famous.
I love meeting famous people. I'm even happy just looking at them.
It's every teenager's dream to be in a band, tour the world and be famous.
Becoming famous and selling a lot of records doesn't change a thing.
I'm famous. That's my job.
I haven't paid for anything since I became famous.
Once you start telling people you're famous, they believe you.
They were all famous and fantastic fellows.
I love being famous. It validates that I have something to say.
I don't really see myself as famous.
It was I who made Fellini famous, not the other way around.
My buildings are more famous than me.
You can get awful famous in this country in seven days.
I guess some people want to be performers because they want to be famous.
Hold on to that. You have an autograph. I'm going to be famous some day.
Indy makes the race driver. You become famous when you come here.
Famous remarks are very seldom quoted correctly.
I still forgive him, because by doing what he did, he made it famous.
I don't see myself as famous at all so I'm continuing my life as normal.
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
A person's fears are lighter when the danger is at hand.
I have never known any distress that an hour's reading did not relieve.
True nobility is exempt from fear.
Fear makes us feel our humanity.
There are many victories worse than a defeat.
Fear is static that prevents me from hearing myself.
One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.
There is no passion so contagious as that of fear.
He that hopes no good fears no ill.
To him who is in fear everything rustles.
There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.
I fear the Greeks, even when they bring gifts.
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear.
The fear of becoming a 'has-been' keeps some people from becoming anything.
Everyone wishes that the man whom he fears would perish.
Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
As a child, I was more afraid of tetanus shots than, for example, Dracula.
To pity distress is but human to relieve it is Godlike.
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them.
Every man, through fear, mugs his aspirations a dozen times a day.
He whom many fear, has himself many to fear.
Fear has many eyes and can see things underground.
There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.
There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do.
I have a fear of being boring.
Do what you fear and fear disappears.
Slowness to change usually means fear of the new.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great.
We fear the thing we want the most.
An ugly sight, a man who is afraid.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.
Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.
We should not be afraid to go into a new era, to leave the old beyond.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.
The mark of fear is not easily removed.
What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.
Fear tastes like a rusty knife and do not let her into your house.
Fear is excitement without breath.
And the things that we fear are a weapon to be held against us.
I hasten to laugh at everything, for fear of being obliged to weep.
A child understands fear, and the hurt and hate it brings.
To fight fear, act. To increase fear - wait, put off postpone.
No good work is ever done while the heart is hot and anxious and fretted.
We consume our tomorrows fretting about our yesterdays.
I think what weakens people most is fear of wasting their strength.
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
In time we hate that which we often fear.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.
Fear has its use but cowardice has none.
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
Do the thing we fear, and death of fear is certain.
Fear is the mother of morality.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence.
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.
Fear is the thought of admitted inferiority.
The thing we fear we bring to pass.
Fear clogs faith liberates.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Men are moved by two levers only: fear and self interest.
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
Fear follows crime and is its punishment.
I more fear what is within me than what comes from without.
The strength and power of despotism consists wholly in the fear of resistance.
Fear is the passion of slaves.
Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Where fear is, happiness is not.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart.
None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest.
Those who own much have much to fear.
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear.
Jealousy is the fear of comparison.
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
Fear may come true that which one is afraid of.
The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
Everywhere that freedom stirs, let tyrants fear.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
He whose head is in heaven need not fear to put his feet into the grave.
Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty.
Only the contemptible fear contempt.
Fear is exciting for me.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
I fear my enthusiasm flags when real work is demanded of me.
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.
I do not fear Satan half so much as I fear those who fear him.
The thing I fear most is fear.
How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.
Scalded cats fear even cold water.
Cruelty is a tyrant that's always attended with fear.
Realists do not fear the results of their study.
To good and true love fear is forever affixed.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
A word does not frighten the man who, in acting, feels no fear.
Worry is a cycle of inefficient thoughts whirling around a center of fear.
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.
Everything we do in life is based on fear, especially love.
Fear not, the people may be deluded for a moment, but cannot be corrupted.
Falsehood is invariably the child of fear in one form or another.
Fear is the lengthened shadow of ignorance.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Men! The only animal in the world to fear.
Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.
The secret of life is to have no fear it's the only way to function.
Cruelty is softened by fear, not pity.
Satirists gain the applause of others through fear, not through love.
Do not fear mistakes. There are none.
Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt.
A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war.
While there's life, there's fear.
Nature soaks every evil with either fear or shame.
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances.
Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.
When desire dies, fear is born.
Fear is the dark room where the Devil develops his negatives.
The wise person often shuns society for fear of being bored.
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.
A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations.
I expect nothing. I fear no one. I am free.
Let us banish fear.
Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.
Excessive fear is always powerless.
Dare to be honest and fear no labor.
Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.
Everyone believes very easily whatever they fear or desire.
If we fear the unknown then surely we fear ourselves.
I fear those big words which make us so unhappy.
The strongest passion is fear.
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear we die before we laugh at all.
Don't fear change - embrace it.
The fear of being deceived is the vulgar version of the quest for Truth.
Action cures fear, inaction creates terror.
I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
Crime in full glory consolidates authority by the sacred fear it inspires.
Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom?
The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear.
Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman.
Fear is the foundation of safety.
We should laugh before being happy, for fear of dying without having laughed.
Fear God and work hard.
A company is stronger if it is bound by love rather than by fear.
Those who love to be feared fear to be loved.
The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century.
Dag HammarskjoldI spoke without fear of contradiction. I simply did not suffer self-doubt.When I have a camera in my hand, I know no fear.There is perhaps nothing so bad and so dangerous in life as fear.Fear is the mother of foresight.Greed, like the love of comfort, is a kind of fear.He who doesn't fear death dies only once.The fear factor actually brings the genuineness.In politics, what begins in fear usually ends in failure.My whole life I've had the fear that I was going to be abandoned.I won't allow myself to have tremendous fear.Any fear of aging, I think, is simply vanity.I fear God and next to God I mostly fear them that fear him not.There is no greater hell than to be a prisoner of fear.My biggest fear in life is to be forgotten.I fear no man, no beast or evil, brother.I had a fear that I'd be typecast, but I don't really have that fear anymore.The record company's worst fear is that you'll fall in love or get rich.I'm very much afraid of being mad - that's my one fear.He who does not fear death cares naught for threats.We must travel in the direction of our fear.Fear attracts attack.Fear is not a good teacher. The lessons of fear are quickly forgotten.Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.Man's loneliness is but his fear of life.When you advise any person you should be guided by the fear of God.God helps those who fear Him.It's better to get mugged than to live a life of fear.Jerusalem is a time bomb that I fear is just waiting to go off.
My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear.
An appeal to fear never finds an echo in German hearts.
Fear is something to be moved through, not something to be turned from.
You can't be a proper comic unless you've been out on stage and felt the fear.
In the ring, I never really knew fear.
Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be.
Fear rules almost every newsroom in the country.
Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.
My greatest fear is that the audience will beat me to the punch line.
I was a postman one Christmas and I developed a morbid fear of dogs.
Should we fear hackers? Intention is at the heart of this discussion.
Vertigo is the conflict between the fear of falling and the desire to fall.
I definitely think cheerleaders have no fear.
I don't believe in fear - I live my life without regrets.
Fear, anxiety and neurosis: that's just in the suitcase when you're an actor.
So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes.
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator.
I like to do something I fear.
It may be you fear more to deliver judgment upon me than I fear judgment.
God, make me so uncomfortable that I will do the very thing I fear.
Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death.
Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want.
I fear God never showed mercy to one so vile as I.
The dread of lonliness is greater than the fear of bondage, so we get married.
Let them hate so long as they fear.
The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow can kill you.
Fear of the future is worse than one's present fortune.
Less base the fear of death than fear of life.
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.
I don't have a fear of flying I have a fear of crashing.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
Fear controls you.
Fear is always a good motivator.
You always have this fear in a movie of just being somebody's woman.
You have to have fear to take risks - and I want to at least try.
Freedom is contagious. That's why despots fear it so much.
Respect and fear are two different things.
Whenever there is fear, you will get wrong figures.
Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.
Americans have discovered fear.
Who sows fear, reaps weapons.
Fear is a huge thing for older people.
Fear can make all of us do the wrong things sometimes.
I fear only God, all praises to Him.
Hey, we all have our fear. Mine is bugs and lobsters!
I wish I had less fear about creating my own parts.
I'd make a terrible surgeon. The fear of blood? Very high on my list.
Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.
I find fear is a great motivator to work hard.
When men don't fear God, they give themselves to evil.
Worry does not mean fear, but readiness for the confrontation.
Hope thou not much, and fear thou not at all.
People with bad consciences always fear the judgment of children.
The world has nothing to fear from military ambition in our Government.
I fear other actors who are not prepared. And I fear directors who are afraid.
He who has conquered doubt and fear has conquered failure.
I'm not the type of person to live in fear. I think positively.
Action conquers fear.
Defeat the fear of death and you welcome the death of fear.
There is a fear of emotion in tennis.
You've got to kick fear to the side, because the payoff is huge.
Fear created the first gods in the world.
My biggest fear in life is to be average.
Why fear death? It is the most beautiful adventure in life.
I'd like to jump out of a plane. I have a fear of heights I'd like to face.
It is the privilege of those who fear love to murder those who do not fear it!
I play with a fear of letting people down. That's what motivates me.
Every move we make in fear of the next war in fact hastens it.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
It sometimes is just the fear of being misunderstood.
In terms of fear, I still am most afraid of Freddie Kruger.
My only fear is the unknown.
When I was younger I used to pick things just to face the fear.
When, as we must often do, we fear science, we really fear ourselves.
I didn't fear failure. I expected failure.
Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
Don't fear the terrorists. They're mothers and fathers.
Do what you fear most and you control fear.
The roots of homophobia are fear. Fear and more fear.
Corey HartMy greatest fear: repetition.The key to change... is to let go of fear.In contrast, fear societies are societies in which dissent is banned.There is no fear before and no fear after. We give our best.Of all the hazards, fear is the worst.Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.Inflation is taxation without legislation.Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.I do not regard a broker as a member of the human race.The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity.The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.Any informed borrower is simply less vulnerable to fraud and abuse.It's not the having, it's the getting.Money is to my social existence what health is to my body.All money is a matter of belief.Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back.For the merchant, even honesty is a financial speculation.We cannot both preach and administer financial matters.I finally know what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries.I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.I made my money by selling too soon.Poverty is unnecessary.I'm involved in the stock market, which is fun and, sometimes, very painful.Thirty to 40 years ago, most financial decisions were fairly simple.There can be no rise in the value of labour without a fall of profits.Infinite growth of material consumption in a finite world is an impossibility.Capital is that part of wealth which is devoted to obtaining further wealth.The economy is a very sensitive organism.Money is the best rule of commerce.You only need to make one big score in finance to be a hero forever.The rate of interest acts as a link between income-value and capital-value.I wasn't a financial pro, and I paid the price.The job of the Central Bank is to worry.Under capitalism each individual engages in economic planning.Rounding to the nearest cent is sufficiently accurate for practical purposes.I was a great student at a great school, Wharton School of Finance.Finance, like time, devours its own children.Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.My adversary is the world of finance.The studios don't finance anymore, they get outside funds.But now, more and more, its society is concerned with economy and finance.I got IRS records to finance what I wanted to do.I only make movies to finance my fishing'.Arbitrage proof has since been widely used throughout finance and economics.Joely Richardson
Nobody wants campaign finance reform more than me. It would save me a fortune.
I understand that finance can be very complex.
Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy.
It starts with campaign finance reform.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast.
The first wealth is health.
He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything.
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
Exercise is labor without weariness.
I do yoga, I do Bikram and I run, and I eat really healthy.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it.
Practice puts brains in your muscles.
Quit worrying about your health. It will go away.
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.
Muscles come and go flab lasts.
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy.
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties.
Personally, I need a high level of physical fitness in order to feel at ease.
Investing in health will produce enormous benefits.
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field.
Happiness lies first of all in health.
You gotta have a body.
You must also give mental and physical fitness priority.
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.
The only weights I lift are my dogs.
I love to swim for miles I could just go back and forth.
The groundwork of all happiness is health.
I like exercise. I like a healthy body.
I'm still very professional about my fitness. I stay in trim as I always did.
For exercise, I now run with my chocolate Lab puppy, Oscar.
15 minutes a day! Give me just this and I'll prove I can make you a new man.
Fitness is a luxury when you are busy!
Fitness is not an option. It's part of my job.
Resting for me is fitness training.
In the British Special Air Service, combat fitness is all about running.
I try and maintain a little bit of fitness, man.
I'm enjoying myself this year and for once I'm not chasing my fitness.
My fitness is good. I hope to improve it even further during training.
I have always maintained a high level of fitness"
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.
Facts are to the mind what food is to the body.
The food here is terrible, and the portions are too small.
Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate.
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry.
If I like a food, I'll eat it, even if I know it's not good for me.
Poor, darling fellow - he died of food. He was killed by the dinner table.
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food.
What is food to one man is bitter poison to others.
I was always a junk food person, still am.
For the Nugent family, fast food is a running herbivore.
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.
My three addictions of choice are food, love and work.
Health food makes me sick.
Food tells you everything about the way people live and who they are.
It's not difficult for me to stay healthy. I like healthy food.
If your mother cooks Italian food, why should you go to a restaurant?
We take food for granted, but it isn't a luxury for many people.
Well, I have a lot of food references in my work.
When I go on Japanese Airlines, I really love it because I like Japanese food.
I need my food to keep my energy up, so I can't really diet.
Most people are satisfied with the junk food being sold as music.
I just spend my money on the essentials. Just basically food and shelter.
When I tour, I stuff fridges full of organic food and stick to that.
Everything in food is science. The only subjective part is when you eat it.
I like being able to walk into an old town and find good local food.
I find the less attention I pay to food, the healthier I am.
Families are struggling against a tide of junk information on junk food.
I can't stay away from Chinese food. I really love that stuff.
Food is not rational. Food is culture, habit, craving and identity.
To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse.
I love food.
Junk food drags you down.
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944.
If somebody has a chance to put my food in their mouth, that tells the story.
Love food and I love to eat.
Everybody has a weakness. Mine is food.
What I've learned is I want to enjoy my life, and food is a big part of it.
To be interested in food but not in food production is clearly absurd.
I'm into mellow dates with really good food.
I like to know exactly what's being put into my food.
Attitudes toward food have completely changed.
I hid myself in food.
If food is poetry, is not poetry also food?
Do not allow watching food to replace making food.
I went in saying I wanted to be the food guy.
Jay Leno is not a guy who likes change. He eats the same food every day.
I love food and I love my curves.
My last meal? The food would be much less significant than the company.
My Mom always cooked healthy. Greek food lends itself to cooking healthy.
Don't you have a machine that puts food into the mouth and pushes it down?
Food decisions - do I eat this or not? - are always going to be there.
Bobby FlayEating when you're not hungry and taking in that amount of food is exhausting.
He looked about as inconspicuous as a tarantula on a slice of angel food.
The music I do is food... that will be your dinner.
No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.
I love food, I love eating.
Well, food's always the way to anybody's heart, I think, guy or girl.
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.
Local and regional food systems are about opportunity.
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay.
I love home cooking, and I'm not a great one for fast food.
I only like food without color, like potatoes, bread, and pasta.
I don't categorize food as bad or a guilty pleasure.
You know, food is such - it's a hug for people.
I love spicy food.
I really like to sometimes go into food detox and eat very simply.
We tend to connect bad food and bad habits with romance and sex.
There's nothing more romantic than Italian food.
Food is my thing, I do not smoke or drink, so food is my vice.
I just don't crave junk food.
High-quality food is better for your health.
I have an enormous fondness for delicious food. It's very comforting.
I'm obsessed with food!
Food was a constant topic of conversation in our household.
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.
Food is not your best friend or enemy.
I don't think I've ever read a food piece or a food book.
Canadians are very well behaved, they don't throw their food.
Japanese food makes me feel particularly good.
Queuing tips for fans: wrap up and bring food!
I can't deliver lines, but I can talk about food all night long.
You have to know the classics if you want to cook modern food.
You feel better when you're eating food that retains nutritional value.
Patience is the secret to good food.
We have reduced sales tax on food. Now we want it eliminated.
I probably grow half my food. It's a good way to keep perspective.
Yeah, well, food is always a part of everything.
Hash browns are my favorite breakfast food.
I normally don't eat junk food.
I used to get criticized for putting food in novels.
I loved everything about Spain - the people, the language, and the food!
I buy food and gasoline - that's it.
At home I serve the kind of food I know the story behind.
People in Slow Food understand that food is an environmental issue.
If you're out, and starving, and need a bite to eat, then you need fast food.
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums.
I get way too much happiness from good food.
I believe food is the most brilliant invention ever.
From the minute I wake up until I go to bed I think about food.
What I've been developing is a vegan fast food chain and vegan food markets.
I got a fascination with food.
My parents owned a soul food diner. It inspired me to go to culinary school.
They advertise on the radio for food stamps!
Not to like ice cream is to show oneself uninterested in food.
I have an amazing relationship with food.
I'm not too into fast food, but you know if I was, it would be chicken.
Just a little help, a small security force, a bit of food, can save lives.
The world spends $40 billion a year on pet food.
There is great food in Vegas.
I don't follow the food trends.
When it becomes a revolutionary act to eat real food, we are in trouble.
I love HGTV. I love the Food Network.
When you get to fifty-two food becomes more important than sex.
I love making Italian food. And coconut chicken.
Food should be raw, just the way God intended it!
People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.
Italian food is all about ingredients and it's not fussy and it's not fancy.
A lot of restaurants serve good food, but they don't have very good service.
I believe that London is the most exciting food city in Europe.
Television in the '80s was very limited. There was no Food Network.
We use competitive markets to arrange for delivery of our food supply.
We had the best food any battlefield ever had.
Food safety involves everybody in the food chain.
My friends gave me the first songs which was the first food in my soul for me.
I'm a food addict, that's my downfall.
I swear I want to be a food model.
People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.
I was never a person who was introduced to junk food.
What's my favourite food? One you order out.
Food is the moral right of all who are born into this world.
We're the biggest food and agriculture company in the world.
You can heal your body with food.
I also try to eat as much raw food and clean food as possible.
I don't like salads: I like the strong food.
I think for me, food was a way for me to deal with emotional trouble.
Don't make jokes about food.
Most of the food imported to Russia came from China.
I don't always buy organic food. It is more expensive.
I've always preferred food be on the blander side.
Everyone would be healthier if they didn't eat junk food.
Food compulsion isn't a character disorder it's a chemical disorder.
I adore food and always have.
If you need food stamps, you should meet the criteria.
I love potatoes - they're my favorite food.
Food in Chicago is the best.
I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.
We the chefs have a responsibility to learn about the chemical makeup of food!
Penn State is a leader in food science.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave.
Forgiveness is the final form of love.
To err is human to forgive, divine.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
Forgotten is forgiven.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable.
Forgiveness means letting go of the past.
The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius.
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
One forgives to the degree that one loves.
To be social is to be forgiving.
Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself.
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.
Forgiveness is like faith. You have to keep reviving it.
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
God will forgive me. It's his job.
Forgive, son men are men they needs must err.
How unhappy is he who cannot forgive himself.
Forgive many things in others nothing in yourself.
My desire is to be a forgiving, non-judgmental person.
The ability to forgive is one of man's greatest achievements.
Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
It's far easier to forgive an enemy after you've got even with him.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Forgiveness is God's command.
Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge.
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.
The first step in forgiveness is the willingness to forgive.
I believe in the forgiveness of sin and the redemption of ignorance.
Forgiveness is about empowering yourself, rather than empowering your past.
We win by tenderness. We conquer by forgiveness.
I find forgiveness to be really healthy.
Forgiveness is indifference. Forgiveness is impossible while love lasts.
Harlan CobenTo sin offers repentance and forgiveness not to sin offers only punishment.Forgiveness is the needle that knows how to mend.As we know, forgiveness of oneself is the hardest of all the forgivenesses.There is no forgiveness in nature.I'm currently in an interesting correspondence with a nun about forgiveness.Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.The desire of gold is not for gold. It is for the means of freedom and benefit.Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.You have freedom when you're easy in your harness.Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.We must be willing to pay a price for freedom.Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent.Is freedom anything else than the right to live as we wish? Nothing else.I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.All theory is against freedom of the will all experience for it.Freedom is the only law which genius knows.Freedom is from within.Freedom rings where opinions clash.Our freedom can be measured by the number of things we can walk away from.You cannot parcel out freedom in pieces because freedom is all or nothing.Freedom is the oxygen of the soul.Freedom of speech includes the freedom to offend people.Heresy is another word for freedom of thought.Freedom is the recognition of necessity.The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.When we lose the right to be different, we lose the privilege to be free.Freedom is contagious. That's why despots fear it so much.Free speech carries with it some freedom to listen.I need this wild life, this freedom.Coercion, after all, merely captures man. Freedom captivates him.Freedom is the right to one's dignity as a man.Human beings crave freedom at their core.We should favor innovation and freedom over regulation.A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves.The best road to progress is freedom's road.Freedom lies in being bold.Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.Responsibility is the price of freedom.Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement.If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.The only certain freedom's in departure.Every tyrant who has lived has believed in freedom for himself.There is no such thing as part freedom.Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom.Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.He only earns his freedom and his life Who takes them every day by storm.Mitt Romney
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.
Emancipation from the bondage of the soil is no freedom for the tree.
I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind.
Freedom is the most contagious virus known to man.
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.
We gain freedom when we have paid the full price.
Freedom means the right of people to assemble, organize, and debate openly.
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.
Freedom is a possession of inestimable value.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.
Freedom - to walk free and own no superior.
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
Everywhere that freedom stirs, let tyrants fear.
The greatest threat to freedom is the absence of criticism.
We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom.
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.
No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country.
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
The wisest use of American strength is to advance freedom.
I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.
I believe that God has planted in every heart the desire to live in freedom.
There are two good things in life - freedom of thought and freedom of action.
You can't put democracy and freedom back into a box.
To enjoy freedom we have to control ourselves.
True independence and freedom can only exist in doing what's right.
Pleasure and freedom from pain, are the only things desirable as ends.
Thought takes man out of servitude, into freedom.
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.
When you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
Secrecy is the freedom tyrants dream of.
Freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently.
It is easy to believe in freedom of speech for those with whom we agree.
America, to me, is freedom.
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
No one can enjoy freedom without trembling.
I'm not sure if it's good to have freedom or not. I'm really confused now.
The precondition to freedom is security.
To me, freedom entitles you to do something, not to not do something.
The freedom to be an individual is the essence of America.
In a completely sane world, madness is the only freedom.
Among the many values in life, I appreciate freedom most.
Civilization is the order and freedom is promoting cultural activity.
In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties.
Freedom cannot be given... It can only be taken away.
We know there is no such thing as freedom without the risk of failure.
We know what works. Freedom Works. We know what's right. Freedom is right.
The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.
Hero-worship is strongest where there is least regard for human freedom.
The enemies of freedom do not argue they shout and they shoot.
Freedom is such a gift.
The American dream is about freedom.
The greatest enemy of individual freedom is the individual himself.
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.
Freedom in a commons brings ruin to all.
Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men.
I do think there are certain times we should infringe on your freedom.
The worst enemy of truth and freedom in our society is the compact majority.
One certain effect of war is to diminish freedom of expression.
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.
When a truth is not given complete freedom, freedom is not complete.
Freedom begins as we become conscious of it.
Freedom is the by-product of economic surplus.
Freedom of conscience entails more dangers than authority and despotism.
Too much freedom can lead to the soul's decay.
Freedom has a price. Most people aren't willing to pay it.
Resist this war on God, freedom of religion and freedom of speech.
The spread of freedom is the best security for the free.
My wife needs her freedom just like me.
If our freedom is taken, the American dream will wither and die.
The work of art is a scream of freedom.
Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give.
Freedom requires no effort to enjoy but requires heroic efforts to preserve.
If one is going to err, one should err on the side of liberty and freedom.
Jobs mean freedom for workers to support their families.
If you don't mind haunting the margins, I think there is more freedom there.
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.
Laying tracks gives you freedom without being too obvious.
Bastard Freedom waves Her fustian flag in mockery over slaves.
He who believes in freedom of the will has never loved and never hated.
Anything outside marriage seems like freedom and excitement.
I tasted freedom and I really liked it.
Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth.
I wanted to try to push some freedom into the men's clothes.
Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want.
Giving up even an ounce of precious freedom is a very serious thing to do.
I don't believe in firing professors. They have academic freedom.
I have the freedom to do what I want... bright people to talk to every day.
Even in the darkest regions, people have discovered their right of freedom.
The search for human freedom can never be complete without freedom for women.
I've sold my soul for freedom. It's lonely but it's sweet.
I love the freedom that the narrative form provides.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
There's a freedom to being young that is harder to come by as time goes on.
The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.
In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.
The freedom of each individual can only be the freedom of all.
Every dictator is an enemy of freedom, an opponent of law.
They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters.
Wealth is a tool of freedom, but the pursuit of wealth is the way to slavery.
Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.
If liberty has any meaning it means freedom to improve.
Private ownership of property is vital to both our freedom and our prosperity.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
Any existence deprived of freedom is a kind of death.
Freedom means the freedom to behave coarsely, basely, foolishly.
Freedom is an internal achievement rather than an external adjustment.
I started skydiving because I loved the idea of freedom.
To deny the freedom of the will is to make morality impossible.
Freedom is always the freedom of dissenters.
Our work is a scream of freedom.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.
Time misspent in youth is sometimes all the freedom one ever has.
For science must breathe the oxygen of freedom.
The enemies of freedom will not prevail.
I want to have the freedom to do whatever I want.
Money buys many things... The best of which is freedom.
Believe me, the drug of freedom is universally potent.
I take life as it happens. And I give myself a lot of freedom.
Without freedom of the press, there can be no representative government.
I have a fantastic relationship with money. I use it to buy my freedom.
Money equals freedom.
Freedom is a muscle... you have to exercise it.
The balance between freedom and security is a delicate one.
Freedom - an occupied space which must be reoccupied every day.
I am not an anti to anything which will bring freedom to my class.
You make a movie for 9k for the freedom it allows you.
The main thing I believe in is freedom.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
True friends stab you in the front.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
An excellent man he has no enemies and none of his friends like him.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends.
Love is blind friendship closes its eyes.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
He who hath many friends hath none.
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
A friend is one who walks in when others walk out.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
Friendship and money: oil and water.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
If you have one true friend you have more than your share.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Lovers have a right to betray you... friends don't.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend.
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
All you need to do to be my friend is like me.
Friends are born, not made.
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
Instead of loving your enemies - treat your friends a little better.
Mighty proud I am that I am able to have a spare bed for my friends.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.
Eros will have naked bodies Friendship naked personalities.
A friendship that like love is warm A love like friendship, steady.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
Love is a friendship set to music.
All lasting business is built on friendship.
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
Opposition is true friendship.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Love is friendship set on fire.
Caring for but never trying to own may be a further way to define friendship.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Bad faith likes discourse on friendship and loyalty.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
Moral science is better occupied when treating of friendship than of justice.
But it all comes down to friendship, treating people right.
Friendship has its illusions no less than love.
For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God.
Friendship is a sheltering tree.
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity.
Pity and friendship are two passions incompatible with each other.
Before the flowers of friendship faded friendship faded.
Friendship always benefits love sometimes injures.
Friendship is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Time makes friendship stronger, but love weaker.
Love and friendship exclude each other.
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
Accountability in friendship is the equivalent of love without strategy.
My inspiration are the woman, friendship, and loneliness.
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.
Love is flower like Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Suspicion is the cancer of friendship.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
Secrecy is the chastity of friendship.
To like and dislike the same things, this is what makes a solid friendship.
The firmest friendship is based on an identity of likes and dislikes.
Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love.
Friendship is a wildly underrated medication.
Great is the victory, but the friendship of all is greater.
The little trouble in the world that is not due to love is due to friendship.
A friendship like love is warm a love like friendship is steady.
Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world.
Friendship is a word, the very sight of which in print makes the heart warm.
Came but for friendship, and took away love.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character.
Friendship will not stand the strain of very much good advice for very long.
The ideal friendship is to feel as one while remaining two.
Good fellowship and friendship are lasting, rational and manly pleasures.
Even where friendship is concerned, it takes me a long time to trust people.
I have a very close friendship with the skaters.
My films are always concerned with family, friendship, honor, and patriotism.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours.
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them.
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat.
Do not worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older it will avoid you.
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think.
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat.
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
Any kid will run any errand for you, if you ask at bedtime.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.
Before I refuse to take your questions, I have an opening statement.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her.
A man doesn't know what he knows until he knows what he doesn't know.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats.
Electricity is really just organized lightning.
One picture is worth 1,000 denials.
I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists.
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours.
I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go a week without a drink.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving.
Never have more children than you have car windows.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
A vegetarian is a person who won't eat anything that can have children.
I never said most of the things I said.
I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it.
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.
I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle.
What's another word for Thesaurus?
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes, I had one thousand and sixty.
Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out.
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
He taught me housekeeping when I divorce I keep the house.
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
I have never been hurt by what I have not said.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down.
I like children - fried.
I'm for whatever gets you through the night.
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly.
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.
My Father had a profound influence on me. He was a lunatic.
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.
A lot of baby boomers are baby bongers.
When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.
The superfluous, a very necessary thing.
The next time you have a thought... let it go.
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
When I eventually met Mr. Right I had no idea that his first name was Always.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
This shirt is dry clean only. Which means... it's dirty.
All men are equal before fish.
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
My life needs editing.
Men are only as loyal as their options.
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun.
You're only as good as your last haircut.
Be obscure clearly.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease.
All the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911.
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
You see much more of your children once they leave home.
One man's folly is another man's wife.
I'd luv to kiss ya, but I just washed my hair.
I failed to make the chess team because of my height.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
Boy, those French: they have a different word for everything!
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
If at first you don't succeed, blame your parents.
I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell.
Never fight an inanimate object.
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job.
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have children.
A James Cagney love scene is one where he lets the other guy live.
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
If you can't tell a spoon from a ladle, then you're fat!
If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number?
Moderation is a virtue only in those who are thought to have an alternative.
I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want!
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving.
Polite conversation is rarely either.
If you have a secret, people will sit a little bit closer.
If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything.
As I get older, I just prefer to knit.
I was a vegetarian until I started leaning toward the sunlight.
Never floss with a stranger.
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed.
To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'
I like marriage. The idea.
I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare.
God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs.
Communism is like one big phone company.
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.
There's no such thing as soy milk. It's soy juice.
Who picks your clothes - Stevie Wonder?
There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together.
My father would take me to the playground, and put me on mood swings.
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
Defy your own group. Rebel against yourself.
I rant, therefore I am.
When you're in love it's the most glorious two and a half days of your life.
When the sun comes up, I have morals again.
Tell us your phobias and we will tell you what you are afraid of.
I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.
Progress was all right. Only it went on too long.
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
Never put a sock in a toaster.
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
I wish I had the nerve not to tip.
How long was I in the army? Five foot eleven.
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love.
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights.
I was born in very sorry circumstances. Both of my parents were very sorry.
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
I can speak Esperanto like a native.
Ever notice that Soup for One is eight aisles away from Party Mix?
It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes.
Miami Beach is where neon goes to die.
Why don't you get out of that wet coat and into a dry martini?
I cannot sing, dance or act what else would I be but a talk show host.
I think serial monogamy says it all.
I quit therapy because my analyst was trying to help me behind my back.
All my children inherited perfect pitch.
Whoever is my relative, I will not be nice to them.
I'm a misplaced American, but don't know where I was misplaced.
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.
Parrots make great pets. They have more personality than goldfish.
If man knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
I have a very low level of recognition, which is fine by me.
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars. I might have a few dollars more.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life.
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
It's hard to be funny when you have to be clean.
I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
A man's got to take a lot of punishment to write a really funny book.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me.
I don't mean to be funny.
It's a funny old world.
I'm odd looking. Sometimes I think I look like a funny muppet.
I am odd-looking. I sometimes think I look like a funny Muppet.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
I think being funny is not anyone's first choice.
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
My grandchildren are fabulous and funny.
Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is.
Steve MartinYou need to be silly to be funny.I think it's funny to be delicate with subjects that are explosive.Life can be dramatic and funny all in the same day.I had an idea of what I thought was funny. It's kind of based on how I am.I read a lot of scripts that I just don't find very funny.I think a lot of stuff I find funny is from day dreaming.I think since I was kid people told me that they thought I was funny.It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.Hollywood's just not funny.If you tell the truth about how you're feeling, it becomes funny.If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.It's funny what a few no-hitters do for a body.Funny things happen to you in movies for silly reasons.I like funny guys and those, for some reason, tend to be nerdy guys.You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things.
I don't think I'm funny.
Books are funny little portable pieces of thought.
There's also a certain rhythm to the way Jews talk that might be funny.
Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.
Sometimes I think what I write is funny in its quiet way.
Actually I never did stand up. I'm not that funny.
It's funny to be a critic.
I find it so funny that people find me so interesting.
Adam LambertI watch things that are fun, or funny, or interesting.
No one ever thought Clint Eastwood was funny, but he was.
There's always an article coming out, saying, 'The new thing is funny women!'
I never thought of myself as like, a funny person.
Literature has drawn a funny perimeter that other art forms haven't.
I'd like to do a film which is funny.
Japanese people have a funny habit of abbreviating names.
What other people call dark and despairing, I call funny.
I thought I was funny as a kid.
The funny thing is, Dennis Miller got me back into comedy.
Life's pretty funny when you're objectively on the outside looking at it.
It's funny - if you impersonate somebody, they have no idea it's them.
It's funny, as you live through something you're not aware of it.
It's funny when you're a kid how you can acclimate to almost anything.
I grew up in a funny way.
It's funny with fiction - once you cut something, it hasn't happened anymore.
If you use tact you can say anything, then make it funny.
I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.
With improv, it's a combination of listening and not trying to be funny.
I think things are funny when the character is taking it totally seriously.
The word 'Spanx' was funny. It made people laugh. No one ever forgot it.
I think I'm funny because my family, my siblings were funny.
Nothing's funny about someone who's successful.
It's funny because it's funny.
I don't just try to be funny.
It's funny, because I never think of myself as Little Miss All-Together.
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
I want to be in 'Funny Girl.' And I want Ryan Murphy to direct it.
Funny is funny.
Memories are doing funny things to us.
My dad loved to laugh. He was very funny and very silly.
Katey SagalI can always get better. A lot of my ex-girlfriends don't think I'm funny.We sit in a room for months trying to think of funny things.I am accusing him of stealing my best material, he was a very funny man.Funny is an attitude.
My main point is to be funny if I can slip a message in there, fine.
But if something funny happens, I can't resist. I have to tell the people.
I would like to do something modern and possibly funny.
I was the little, funny one. I felt I was the child among grown women.
The great thing is that the funny side of getting old is fuel for my comedy.
I think it's always funny when you see kids do Shakespeare.
Comedians don't laugh. They're too busy analyzing why it's funny or not.
People often ask me how I make things funny. I don't make things funny.
If you work at comedy too laboriously, you can kill what's funny in the joke.
There's always something funny about men chasing women.
As soon as I realized you could be funny as a job, that was the job I wanted.
To me, what separates a funny movie from a good movie is something personal.
Leno, Conan. They are both really funny. They really know how to land one.
You can't teach somebody how to be funny. You're either funny, or you ain't.
Jonah HillI don't want to be the one to break it to you, but the future ain't that funny.I think a lot of times on TV we see caricatures - that's what's funny.It's funny how most activists are pacifists.Funny is funny is funny.You know what's funny to me? Attitude.
Some people say funny things, but I say things funny.
Most of the gaffes I've made have not been funny - they've been stupid.
Everybody's funny in different ways.
Everybody's funny if you love them.
People don't realize that I'm really funny and I'm an excellent bridge player.
People say funny things all the time during really serious moments in life.
I had a very funny family.
I've always found it easier to be funny than to be serious.
It's funny how intimate it feels to get a text.
I knew exactly what to do on Alien, it was funny.
Life is funny and it is interesting how we make it as serious as possible.
I always just wanted to be funny. I never really planned to be scary.
You can't be funny if you don't have good material.
It's funny, because I sometimes feel that I'm most creative when I'm pregnant.
I like all Jim Carrey films. They're really funny.
I'm good at coming up with wacky characters and funny dialogue.
Gotta stay in the gym, stay funny, stay sharp. I just love working.
I've got to get on myself to be sharp, funny and loose.
At school I was very shy. I wasn't funny really.
I'm so unprofessional on set it's not even funny.
I always approach comedy roles pretending they aren't funny.
It is funny what a year can do.
My job is mostly to entertain and be funny.
Funny, I don't feel any more powerful today than yesterday.
Most of my ideas just come out funny.
Funny, how moms can tell you what to do no matter how old or big you are.
Inappropriateness is funny to me. Rudeness is hilarious.
I think if they put a laugh track on 'Intervention,' it would be funny.
Laughter is involuntary. If it's funny you laugh.
Kyle Baker's work is really funny, but it's also got a very clear vision.
I don't think the public is dying to see me necessarily be funny all the time.
I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.
I don't think my judgment is that good. I don't know what is funny.
I'm not a comedian. I'm an actor who just happens to be funny on occasion.
Colin HanksAnd remember, it's also very funny, because side by side with grief lies joy.I liked getting the best villain award. I thought that was funny.But I think you can make fun of anything as long as it's funny enough.I have a funny family, but none of them are remotely in show business.The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.In this bright future you can't forget your past.It looks like the future's really bright.The future starts today, not tomorrow.Study the past, if you would divine the future.The future ain't what it used to be.There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.I know of no way of judging the future but by the past.The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now.The main goal of the future is to stop violence. The world is addicted to it.Upper classes are a nation's past the middle class is its future.Well, the future for me is already a thing of the past.The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.I don't try to describe the future. I try to prevent it.There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
The future is no more uncertain than the present.
I haven't been faithful to my own advice in the past. I will in the future.
The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Never make predictions, especially about the future.
The youth is the hope of our future.
In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
Even though the future seems far away, it is actually beginning right now.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
I touch the future. I teach.
The past, the present and the future are really one: they are today.
Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones.
For all of its uncertainty, we cannot flee the future.
They gave each other a smile with a future in it.
The future is always beginning now.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
With the past, I have nothing to do nor with the future. I live now.
My future is righteousness.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I can't speak for the future. I have no crystal ball.
The future influences the present just as much as the past.
A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.
I go to school the youth to learn the future.
You can never plan the future by the past.
Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
It is said that the present is pregnant with the future.
Our combat mission is ending, but our commitment to Iraq's future is not.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.
Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future.
How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children.
The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable.
My business is to prevent the future.
When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.
When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat?
To apologize is to lay the foundation for a future offense.
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.
The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Look to the future, because that is where you'll spend the rest of your life.
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
I desire no future that will break the ties with the past.
The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.
The future is purchased by the present.
Trying to tear down the past prohibits you from building up your future.
Depression is the inability to construct a future.
Evolution never looks to the future.
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Smiles form the channels of a future tear.
Memories are the key not to the past, but to the future.
Sometimes your disappointments make you a stronger person for the future.
The problem with the future is that it keeps turning into the present.
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
When all else is lost, the future still remains.
The future will be better tomorrow.
Taste refers to the past, imagination to the future.
You never know what the future holds or where my life will take me.
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
The present was an egg laid by the past that had the future inside its shell.
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.
The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.
The enemies of the future are always the very nicest people.
A dream collage is pictures of your goals. It is like your future photo album.
The future and eternity are two entirely different things.
Forget the past - the future will give you plenty to worry about.
I'm working on bringing the instant film camera back as part of the future.
The future is the worst thing about the present.
The wave of the future is coming and there is no fighting it.
I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future.
If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future.
The future has already arrived. It's just not evenly distributed yet.
We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror.
I'm happy, I'm in a good place, I'm looking forward to my future.
In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!
My future daughter is not going to go through what I did.
You cannot fight against the future. Time is on our side.
Plato's philosophy is a dignified preface to future religion.
Children enjoy the present because they have neither a past nor a future.
The future is today.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Our modern states are preparing for war without even knowing the future enemy.
Run to meet the future or it's going to run you down.
Dreams get you into the future and add excitement to the present.
There is still a future with music, because people want music.
Every thought we think is creating our future.
We must depend upon the Boy Scout Movement to produce the MEN of the future.
The future, like everything else, is not what it used to be.
Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.
I hate those e-books. They cannot be the future. They may well be.
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.
My future's about trying to be a better man.
I never think of the future. I never imagine what comes next.
We do not know enough about how the present will lead into the future.
I just can't wait for the future.
The Christian of the future will be a mystic or he will not exist at all.
You can't let your past hold your future hostage.
One faces the future with one's past.
The future is a bright as the promises of God.
Africa has no future.
Live life to the fullest, for the future is scarce.
I'd love to do more action stuff, in the future.
I never have plans for the future as you never know how things will turn out.
I stopped predicting the future a long time ago.
If we are to better the future we must disturb the present.
If other people want to talk about my future I can't control that.
Not many people give you a vision of what the future will bring.
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.
What else does anxiety about the future bring you but sorrow upon sorrow?
Children are our future we must take care of them with maximum effort.
I could definitely see myself making a serious movie or a drama in the future.
I don't know what the future holds. Anything is possible.
To communicate the truths of history is an act of hope for the future.
Fear of the future is worse than one's present fortune.
Reactionary: a man walking backwards with his face to the future.
The future of Indo-Pak cricket will depend on how the peace process goes.
Everything that looks to the future elevates human nature.
I was the true future. I understood Communism better than they did.
We know not of the future and cannot plan for it much.
I'm a big laser believer - I really think they are the wave of the future.
Every educated person is a future enemy.
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
There are no limits to our future if we don't put limits on our people.
A speculator is a man who observes the future, and acts before it occurs.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
I never have planned a whole lot of future. It's one day at a time.
The Arab World is writing a new future the pen is in our own hands.
No one is more important to the future of our state than our teachers.
Isn't it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?
The euro is our common fate, and Europe is our common future.
Creation is all space, all time - all things past, present, and future.
I am not interested in the past, except as the road to the future.
Daniel H. WilsonFor every minute, the future is becoming the past.Everything about my politics has been about the future.The valid research for the future is on the inner side, on the spiritual side.I don't want to be the one to break it to you, but the future ain't that funny.Life is hopefully long, so I don't know what the future will bring.I'm scared of the unknown future.To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.I'd like to think a baseball picture is somewhere in my future.If you can see the magic in a fairytale, you can face the future.An expectation is a future object, recognised as belonging to me.The future is keeping you out of the present time.I look forward to the future - and going into the studio to make new music.In charting our course to the future, we are mindful of our path from the past.I can't predict the future.The future belongs to crowds.That's where the future lies, in the youth of today.My duty as a teacher is to train, educate future programmers.I can't predict the future.I look more to the future. That's where my head is at.I'm on a search for my future ex-wife.You need imagination in order to imagine a future that doesn't exist.When I was 17, I broke up with my future wife.I'm not making any bets on the future.The girl with a future avoids a man with a past.I saw rock n' roll future and its name is Bruce Springsteen.Without wisdom, the future has no meaning, no valuable purpose.Having kids is something I want to see in my future - I hope.Without a Mayagu"
Robert Teeter
You never know what the future brings.
He plants trees to benefit another generation.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have never been discovered.
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.
In search of my mother's garden, I found my own.
A good garden may have some weeds.
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
Who loves a garden loves a greenhouse too.
Show me your garden and I shall tell you what you are.
The love of gardening is a seed once sown that never dies.
Trees and plants always look like the people they live with, somehow.
What's a butterfly garden without butterflies?
To dwell is to garden.
All gardening is landscape painting.
How deeply seated in the human heart is the liking for gardens and gardening.
I do some of my best thinking while pulling weeds.
Gardening is not a rational act.
Some men like to make a little garden out of life and walk down a path.
The garden suggests there might be a place where we can meet nature halfway.
Use plants to bring life.
What a man needs in gardening is a cast-iron back, with a hinge in it.
Well tended garden is better than a neglected wood lot.
If a tree dies, plant another in its place.
If you build up the soil with organic material, the plants will do just fine.
I loved to get all dusty and ride horses and plant potatoes and cotton.
Garden as though you will live forever.
I am sure that if you plant the trees back again, it will do nothing but good.
I don't divide architecture, landscape and gardening to me they are one.
I do the gardening.
I don't hold that everybody has to love fashion. Some people like gardening.
Rock 'n' Roll, no roses or gardening.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Each one prays to God according to his own light.
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God trust also in me.
The blame is his who chooses: God is blameless.
My message is that God is a good God.
God hangs the greatest weights upon the smallest wires.
Every creature is a word of God.
Reason is God's crowning gift to man.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you.
God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.
God always strives together with those who strive.
After all, God is God because he remembers.
Each one of us is an outlet to God and an inlet to God.
God gave me life to continue to do things that I would never have done.
I only answer to two people, myself and God.
Every morning I wake up and thank God.
God is bigger than people think.
Whatever comes from God is impossible for a man to turn back.
There is no work, however vile or sordid, that does not glisten before God.
Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.
When it is a question of God's almighty Spirit, never say, 'I can't.'
Sometimes you ask God for something and you don't know what you're asking.
Laughter is God's blessing.
People see God every day, they just don't recognize him.
I've said all along that God is in control.
God gets you to the plate, but once your there your on your own.
God in His wisdom has decided that He will reward no works but His own.
Sometimes God writes straightforward in twisted lines.
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
Your God is ever beside you - indeed, He is even within you.
A thick skin is a gift from God.
The Bible is not man's word about God, but God's word about man.
Adoration is caring for God above all else.
They always win who side with God.
God is one, greatest of gods and men, not like mortals in body or thought.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
It is impossible to rightly govern a nation without God and the Bible.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.
Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
God always takes the simplest way.
God does not play dice.
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.
I shall never believe that God plays dice with the world.
Morality is of the highest importance - but for us, not for God.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
God is an unutterable sigh, planted in the depths of the soul.
God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.
Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.
Man - a creature made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.
If God is just, I tremble for my country.
We are never defeated unless we give up on God.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God.
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.
Without God, democracy will not and cannot long endure.
Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
God hath given you one face, and you make yourselves another.
Where love is, there God is also.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
God sometimes does try to the uttermost those whom he wishes to bless.
I think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
God helps those who help themselves.
Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'
God enters by a private door into every individual.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
God is a concept by which we measure our pain.
God works wonders now and then Behold a lawyer, an honest man.
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
Woman was God's second mistake.
The highest revelation is that God is in every man.
We see God face to face every hour, and know the savor of Nature.
Heaven means to be one with God.
Pray, and let God worry.
God screens us evermore from premature ideas.
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders?
God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight.
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
I would believe only in a God that knows how to Dance.
The abdomen is the reason why man does not readily take himself to be a god.
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
I'm going to let God be the judge of who goes to heaven and hell.
Once spirit was God, then it became man, and now it is even becoming mob.
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
I'm an atheist and I thank God for it.
I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man.
Only God can look at somebody's heart.
Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it.
If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.
Gray hair is God's graffiti.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign that you are alive.
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
I believe God gives you the grace to do what you need to do.
We turn toward God only to obtain the impossible.
For where God built a church, there the Devil would also build a chapel.
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.
God wants to bless us where we are.
I say, don't try to fight your own battles because God will do it.
I don't think that a same-sex marriage is the way God intended it to be.
I think God's justice is making wrongs right.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
We are always on the anvil by trials God is shaping us for higher things.
Prayer is simply a two-way conversation between you and God.
Our society strives to avoid any possibility of offending anyone - except God.
Forgiveness is God's command.
One and God make a majority.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.
If God had wanted me otherwise, He would have created me otherwise.
Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God.
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
If there were no God, it would be necessary to invent him.
God created man, but I could do better.
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
I have always believed in God.
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.
To believe in God is impossible not to believe in Him is absurd.
Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.
God's desire is that we excel.
Great thoughts and a pure heart, that is what we should ask from God.
God had one son on earth without sin, but never one without suffering.
The God of this world is riches, pleasure and pride.
I do not know myself, and God forbid that I should.
I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society.
The dog is the god of frolic.
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
God appoints our graces to be nurses to other men's weaknesses.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
I think God's going to come down and pull civilization over for speeding.
Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations.
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.
I know it's an experience that I need to have if God's putting me through it.
God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December.
God's angels often protect his servants from potential enemies.
Have faith in God God has faith in you.
We steal if we touch tomorrow. It is God's.
Theology is a science of mind applied to God.
The dog was created specially for children. He is a god of frolic.
Only God who made us can touch us and change us and save us from ourselves.
God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world.
Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man.
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.
I can't prove it scientifically, that there's a God, but I believe.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
Conscience is God present in man.
Indigestion is charged by God with enforcing morality on the stomach.
I believe in God and his son, Jesus.
The word is the Verb, and the Verb is God.
I just want to lobby for God.
I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face.
To you I'm an atheist to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live.
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you.
Nothing is void of God, his work is everywhere his full of himself.
I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me.
God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer.
We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.
The best way to know God is to love many things.
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me.
Next to God we are nothing. To God we are Everything.
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
God has entrusted me with myself.
What ever disunites man from God, also disunites man from man.
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.
We make our friends we make our enemies but God makes our next door neighbour.
Einstein, stop telling God what to do!
I will thank God for the day and the moment I have.
If there is no God, everything is permitted.
I live and love in God's peculiar light.
If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms.
God's delays are not God's denials.
All God wants of man is a peaceful heart.
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
God continues to work miracles in my life.
Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too.
But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.
The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too.
God will forgive me. It's his job.
The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.
God help those who do not help themselves.
Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God.
Let's face it God has a big ego problem. Why do we always have to worship him?
God made me and broke the mold.
Maybe humans are just the pet alligators that God flushed down the toilet.
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
God gave us our relatives thank God we can choose our friends.
We say keep your change, we'll keep our God, our guns, our constitution.
Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
God gives us our relatives, thank God we can choose our friends.
You never know God is all you need until God is all you have.
I did my best, and God did the rest.
I don't pray because I don't want to bore God.
Those whom God wishes to destroy, he first makes mad.
We hand folks over to God's mercy, and show none ourselves.
An ounce of cheerfulness is worth a pound of sadness to serve God with.
Create like a god, command like a king, work like a slave.
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
I actually pray everyday, but I don't believe in God.
If I owe Smith ten dollars and God forgives me, that doesn't pay Smith.
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Every person is a God in embryo. Its only desire is to be born.
Man is God's highest present development. He is the latest thing in God.
For me the goddess is the female of God, She is powerful if different.
Dishonesty is so grasping it would deceive God himself, were it possible.
God has a plan for all of us, but He expects us to do our share of the work.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
God's first creature, which was light.
Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God.
God is absence. God is the solitude of man.
God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple.
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.
God gives talent. Work transforms talent into genius.
If you love god, burn a church.
Life is God's novel. Let him write it.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
I just thank God for all of the blessings.
Every knee will bend before me, and every tongue shall give glory to God.
I have lived to thank God that all my prayers have not been answered.
God used beautiful mathematics in creating the world.
Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.
No attribute of God is more dreadful to sinners than His holiness.
God gives some more than others because some accept more than others.
God will never tell us to do something that gratifies the flesh.
I tell you in truth: all men are Prophets or else God does not exist.
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
Let every man be true and every god a liar.
And so there is no God but has been in the loins of past gods.
God as now generally conceived of is only the last witch.
A science which does not bring us nearer to God is worthless.
Me shooting 40% at the foul line is just God's way to say nobody's perfect.
God never ends anything on a negative God always ends on a positive.
I don't believe in God but I'm very interested in her.
God, to me, it seems, is a verb not a noun, proper or improper.
Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will.
God, I can push the grass apart and lay my finger on Thy heart.
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.
If you don't do your part, don't blame God.
I thank God I was raised Catholic, so sex will always be dirty.
Sex is God's joke on human beings.
It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God.
The religious idea of God cannot do full duty for the metaphysical infinity.
Whatever I will become will be what God has chosen for me.
An honest man's the noblest work of God.
An honest God is the noblest work of man.
Out of chaos God made a world, and out of high passions comes a people.
God's finger touched him, and he slept.
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
Put your mind on the gospel. And remember - there's one God for all.
God's dice always have a lucky roll.
I believe the Bible is the word of God from cover to cover.
He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.
I drank the silence of God from a spring in the woods.
God is not a dead equation!
God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.
I read the book of Job last night, I don't think God comes out well in it.
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.
Trust in God - she will provide.
Happiness is brief. It will not stay. God batters at its sails.
In these times, God's people must trust him for rest of body and soul.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
God's most lordly gift to man is decency of mind.
Whenever a man makes haste, God too hastens with him.
Know then thyself, presume not God to scan The proper study of mankind is man.
A god who let us prove his existence would be an idol.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
I do not need the idea of God to explain the world I live in.
Religion, to me, is a bureaucracy between man and God that I don't need.
You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know.
God bears with the wicked, but not forever.
We must return to nature and nature's god.
In feature films the director is God in documentary films God is the director.
I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of Him.
God is definitely out of the closet.
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.
If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people.
God may forgive your sins, but your nervous system won't.
I really am pretty happy with what God gave me.
Discernment is God's call to intercession, never to faultfinding.
Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better.
Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
Not only must we be good, but we must also be good for something.
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
It's good to shut up sometimes.
It is not good to be too free. It is not good to have everything one wants.
Less is only more where more is no good.
Acorns were good until bread was found.
The omission of good is no less reprehensible than the commission of evil.
Only the young die good.
A good scare is worth more to a man than good advice.
Be sweet, be good, and honest always.
They're only truly great who are truly good.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband.
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.
No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good.
I'm a true believer in karma. You get what you give, whether it's bad or good.
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Golf is a good walk spoiled.
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.
Thunder is good, thunder is impressive but it is lightning that does the work.
There is no such thing as a good tax.
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
An overflow of good converts to bad.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
Great and good are seldom the same man.
I believe that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another.
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
What do I think of Western civilization? I think it would be a very good idea.
The good man is the friend of all living things.
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good.
I find that he is happiest of whom the world says least, good or bad.
Husbands are chiefly good as lovers when they are betraying their wives.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
When good Americans die they go to Paris.
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
The good ended happily, and the bad unhappily. That is what fiction means.
Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage.
I shall the effect of this good lesson keeps as watchman to my heart.
There is no principle worth the name if it is not wholly good.
Anybody can be good in the country. There are no temptations there.
Well, if Fortune be a woman, she's a good wench for this gear.
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
Paris is always a good idea.
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer.
A good thing to remember is somebody's got it a lot worse than we do.
Be not simply good - be good for something.
Do good to your friends to keep them, to your enemies to win them.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Speak ill of no man, but speak all the good you know of everybody.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Good habits formed at youth make all the difference.
When one has not had a good father, one must create one.
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
The pay is good and I can walk to work.
Many foxes grow gray but few grow good.
A good indignation brings out all one's powers.
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Doing well is the result of doing good. That's what capitalism is all about.
Every actual State is corrupt. Good men must not obey laws too well.
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
Good men must not obey the laws too well.
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser.
He who is to be a good ruler must have first been ruled.
It is not enough to have a good mind the main thing is to use it well.
Therefore, the good of man must be the end of the science of politics.
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.
What good is it being Marilyn Monroe? Why can't I just be an ordinary woman?
Many a man fails as an original thinker simply because his memory it too good.
Whoever does not have a good father should procure one.
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil.
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.
Any man may easily do harm, but not every man can do good to another.
It feels good to have your work respected again.
Fun is good.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.
When I'm good I'm very, very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better.
You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans.
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell.
Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.
It's easier to replace a dead man than a good picture.
I think when you spread the wealth around it's good for everybody.
A hard man is good to find.
Every day is a good day to be alive, whether the sun's shining or not.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
There must always remain something that is antagonistic to good.
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman as bad as she dares.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil.
Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all.
We made the buttons on the screen look so good you'll want to lick them.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones.
Nonviolence is a good policy when the conditions permit.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
Liars need to have good memories.
A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
Too much of a good thing can be taxing.
I realize I don't do a very good job in keeping up to date, but I try to.
Until we meet again, may the good Lord take a liking to you.
There is no harm in repeating a good thing.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
For good nurture and education implant good constitutions.
Truth is the beginning of every good to the gods, and of every good to man.
The good is the beautiful.
They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we'd have a pretty good time.
I would rather lose a good earring than be caught without make-up.
Better is the enemy of good.
I'd like to get four people who do cart wheels very good, and make a cart.
The best is the enemy of the good.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
Nothing good ever comes of violence.
Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.
Absences are a good influence in love and keep it bright and delicate.
All styles are good except the tiresome kind.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.
He who is too busy doing good finds no time to be good.
That which is not good for the bee-hive cannot be good for the bees.
A good listener is usually thinking about something else.
All you need for happiness is a good gun, a good horse, and a good wife.
My message is that God is a good God.
Tomorrow is nothing, today is too late the good lived yesterday.
You can do more good by being good than any other way.
Bad politicians are sent to Washington by good people who don't vote.
Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
One good schoolmaster is of more use than a hundred priests.
You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long.
In art the best is good enough.
You're only as good as your last haircut.
A man that does not know how to be angry does not know how to be good.
A good man can be stupid and still be good. But a bad man must have brains.
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.
The man who has the will to undergo all labor may win to any good.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
It is the mark of a good action that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
All human beings are commingled out of good and evil.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense.
If I'd had good discipline, I might have gone into music.
Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels.
A bad man is the sort who weeps every time he speaks of a good woman.
Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.
A good man would prefer to be defeated than to defeat injustice by evil means.
A good photograph is knowing where to stand.
We seldom find any person of good sense, except those who share our opinions.
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
Husbands never become good they merely become proficient.
There is nothing I love as much as a good fight.
Good things happen when you meet strangers.
A good motto is: use friendliness but do not use your friends.
I surround myself with positive, productive people of good will and decency.
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.
For evil to flourish, it only requires good men to do nothing.
There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen.
Only the pure in heart can make a good soup.
Listen there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go.
A good deed never goes unpunished.
The enlightened ruler is heedful, and the good general full of caution.
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards.
It's always good to be underestimated.
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good.
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
It's not going to do any good to land on Mars if we're stupid.
It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.
It's with bad sentiments that one makes good novels.
Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work.
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.
At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year.
Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote.
A good artist should be isolated. If he isn't isolated, something is wrong.
You can be a good neighbor only if you have good neighbors.
Far from idleness being the root of all evil, it is rather the only true good.
No good movie is too long and no bad movie is short enough.
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
Four legs good, two legs bad.
Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck.
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good.
The good old days, when each idea had an owner, are gone forever.
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.
Good writing is like a windowpane.
Real firmness is good for anything strut is good for nothing.
When we are well, we all have good advice for those who are ill.
I've had extraordinary good luck with my health, other than a broken elbow.
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.
You can only be as good as you dare to be bad.
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.
You have to have been a Republican to know how good it is to be a Democrat.
I've run into some S.O.B. directors, but I gave them back as good as I got.
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.
War is war. The only good human being is a dead one.
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.
Active Evil is better than Passive Good.
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.
He that does good to another does good also to himself.
Anyone who tells a lie has not a pure heart, and cannot make a good soup.
A man is only as good as what he loves.
The confession of evil works is the first beginning of good works.
I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person.
Well, real estate is always good, as far as I'm concerned.
A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none.
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
Glamour is about feeling good in your own skin.
Every good painter paints what he is.
One has to grow up with good talk in order to form the habit of it.
All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
It is the test of a good religion whether you can joke about it.
What you see, but can't see over is as good as infinite.
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
A peaceful man does more good than a learned one.
Henceforth I ask not good fortune. I myself am good fortune.
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
Sometimes the truth hurts. And sometimes it feels real good.
Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be.
To be doing good deeds is man's most glorious task.
I'd rather do a really good small part than a really bad big part.
You can't be truly rude until you understand good manners.
A good husband makes a good wife.
Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.
It's a good place when all you have is hope and not expectations.
Any good music must be an innovation.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
A good garden may have some weeds.
The battleline between good and evil runs through the heart of every man.
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.
Only good girls keep diaries. Bad girls don't have time.
A good picture is equivalent to a good deed.
I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.
Bear and endure: This sorrow will one day prove to be for your good.
No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
We have the best government that money can buy.
Laws too gentle are seldom obeyed too severe, seldom executed.
That government is best which governs least.
If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con' what is the opposite of 'progress'?
Laws are like sausages, it is better not to see them being made.
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
To rule is easy, to govern difficult.
The worst thing in this world, next to anarchy, is government.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
Governments never learn. Only people learn.
Democracy gives every man the right to be his own oppressor.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
It's not the voting that's democracy it's the counting.
You don't pay taxes - they take taxes.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
Here is my first principle of foreign policy: good government at home.
Democracy is an abuse of statistics.
Talk is cheap - except when Congress does it.
Bureaucracy gives birth to itself and then expects maternity benefits.
There are three species of government: republican, monarchical, and despotic.
The essence of good government is trust.
We live under a government of men and morning newspapers.
Man is not free unless government is limited.
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
Loyalty to the country always. Loyalty to the government when it deserves it.
Government does not solve problems it subsidizes them.
History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is.
Conquest is not in our principles. It is inconsistent with our government.
An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger.
That government is the strongest of which every man feels himself a part.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
Government always finds a need for whatever money it gets.
One way to make sure crime doesn't pay would be to let the government run it.
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
Mankind, when left to themselves, are unfit for their own government.
The art of government is the organisation of idolatry.
The government is us we are the government, you and I.
The administration of justice is the firmest pillar of government.
An ideal form of government is democracy tempered with assassination.
It's not tyranny we desire it's a just, limited, federal government.
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.
Things in our country run in spite of government, not by aid of it.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
When one gets in bed with government, one must expect the diseases it spreads.
The happiness of society is the end of government.
The ideal form of government is democracy tempered with assassination.
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
All government, of course, is against liberty.
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.
Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.
A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.
A Conservative Government is an organized hypocrisy.
A government of laws, and not of men.
Even to observe neutrality you must have a strong government.
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.
The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government.
Nothing turns out to be so oppressive and unjust as a feeble government.
The mystery of government is not how Washington works but how to make it stop.
No Government can be long secure without a formidable Opposition.
If government were a product, selling it would be illegal.
That fatal drollery called a representative government.
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
Government's first duty and highest obligation is public safety.
We need a government, alas, because of the nature of humans.
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.
Government has no other end, but the preservation of property.
I only ask of the government to be treated as all other men are treated.
Everything government touches turns to crap.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Government stimulates the democrat party.
Democracy is when the people keep a government in check.
Democracy is not so much a form of government as a set of principles.
Every form of government tends to perish by excess of its basic principle.
The weather is like the government, always in the wrong.
Government is essentially immoral.
The Soviet government is the most realistic regime in the world - no ideals.
Government is dysfunctional.
World War II was the last government program that really worked.
Communism is a hateful thing, and a menace to peace and organized government.
Glenn BeckGood government is the outcome of private virtue.Folks, this government isn't too big to fail, it's too big to succeed.The fundamental purpose of government is to protect its citizens.When the good lord calls you home, the government ought not come get your home.Every time the government grows we lose more of who we are.Candidly, I believe most corporations actually don't mind big government.The goal to strive for is a poor government but a rich people.I hate Iran. I hate the Iranian government. It's a cruel and evil government.I've always been about less government.Men must turn square corners when they deal with the Government.Government shouldn't tell you whom to marry.It's the federal government's job to secure the border.Where might is mixed with wit, there is too good an accord in a government.I work for a Government I despise for ends I think criminal.If the law is upheld only by government officials, then all law is at an end.I'm not, nor is anybody I know in government part of a nasty right wing clique.I think Britain would be alright, if only we had a different Government.Great re"
Alan Dershowitz
The government invented the Internet.
It is not the constitutional prerogative of the Government to determine needs.
I am the government.
Most of the press is in league with government, or with the status quo.
I never knew a government yet that wanted to do anything.
Aggression is simply another name for government.
I believe that government is the servant of the people and not their master.
I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.
A government is the only vessel that leaks from the top.
It is the duty of Her Majesty's government neither to flap nor to falter.
The UK desperately needs less government and freer markets.
Truth is the glue that holds government together.
We don't need bigger government. We need to shrink the size of government.
For voters what matters is what government actually delivers for them.
I think for voters what matters is the values that drive the government.
Journalists should denounce government by public opinion polls.
I'm in politics. I'm in government, so nothing surprises me.
I don't know people who don't say, boy the government is working better now.
If somebody invented cigarettes today, the government would not legalize them.
It's dismaying to see the unilateralism that the government is doing.
I almost forgot what it's like to be proud of my government.
I was pretty much the government's poster boy for what I had done.
I don't have any problem with government helping entrepreneurs and businesses.
If you want the government off your back, get your hands out of its pockets.
Pakistan needs to have decentralisation and a good local government system.
Americans accept that gangsters are running the government.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
Love is by far bigger than the government can ever be.
The choice between a Labour government and a Tory one is sharpening minds.
People create jobs, not the government.
God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
We don't stop going to school when we graduate.
I'm not impressed by someone's degree... I'm impressed by them making movies.
I graduated a the top of my class in the '84 Olympic Games I won a gold medal.
I have actually five honorary degrees.
I did get a degree in special education.
College atheletes used to get a degree in bringing your pencil.
I didn't get my degree at NYU I got it later, they gave me an honourary one.
I was the first boy in the Kennedy family to graduate from college.
Yeah, I spent about 20 years in a dorm room. It took me a while to graduate.
So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and there it all happened.
One half who graduate from college never read another book.
I did graduate with a bachelor's degree in civil engineering in 1948.
I was a lesbian for a semester at Wesleyan - it was a graduation requirement.
I received $100 per week when I started working at the Globe after graduation.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
One sees great things from the valley only small things from the peak.
I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone.
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.
Laws control the lesser man... Right conduct controls the greater one.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
Never was anything great achieved without danger.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Behind every great fortune lies a great crime.
Harmony makes small things grow, lack of it makes great things decay.
Don't be humble... you're not that great.
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
And what he greatly thought, he nobly dared.
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
Silence is a source of great strength.
All great achievements require time.
No crime is so great as daring to excel.
Great and good are seldom the same man.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
When we are born we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools.
A great man is always willing to be little.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Half a truth is often a great lie.
To do a great right do a little wrong.
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.
I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world.
It's hard to be humble, when you're as great as I am.
Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
I have great faith in fools self-confidence my friends call it.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.
Before we acquire great power we must acquire wisdom to use it well.
A great city is not to be confounded with a populous one.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish. Do not overdo it.
Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity.
Success has always been a great liar.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
Some are made modest by great praise, others insolent.
When one has a great deal to put into it a day has a hundred pockets.
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing.
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Where words are restrained, the eyes often talk a great deal.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
Being is the great explainer.
Life in abundance comes only through great love.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
I always entertain great hopes.
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches.
The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.
Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended.
If you don't know how great this country is, I know someone who does Russia.
An index is a great leveller.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.
Men are only as great as they are kind.
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.
There is a woman at the begining of all great things.
Better a little which is well done, than a great deal imperfectly.
No great intellectual thing was ever done by great effort.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.
Poets utter great and wise things which they do not themselves understand.
Only passions, great passions can elevate the soul to great things.
I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility.
Great hopes make great men.
Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
The great object is that every man be armed.
My idea of heaven is a great big baked potato and someone to share it with.
Wealth is well known to be a great comforter.
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
I cannot swallow whole the view of Lincoln as the Great Emancipator.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
People in tough times - it doesn't mean they don't have a great attitude.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.
Great thoughts and a pure heart, that is what we should ask from God.
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.
I see great things in baseball. It's our game - the American game.
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom.
Power is the great aphrodisiac.
A great artist is a great man in a great child.
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.
We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility.
Man is only great when he acts from passion.
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great.
Great ideas originate in the muscles.
To have a great idea, have a lot of them.
Brevity is a great charm of eloquence.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
A great fortune is a great slavery.
And my dad, you're a great actor but you're a better father.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.
You need a little bit of insanity to do great things.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.
Many great actions are committed in small struggles.
A great mind becomes a great fortune.
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.
Smallness in a great man seems smaller by its disproportion with all the rest.
I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face.
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.
Silence is one of the great arts of conversation.
In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together.
And your very flesh shall be a great poem.
Great loves too must be endured.
Trouble is the common denominator of living. It is the great equalizer.
Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.
He who has great power should use it lightly.
The heart is great which shows moderation in the midst of prosperity.
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
A lot of Jews are great friends of mine.
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
It is a great act of cleverness to be able to conceal one's being clever.
See everything, overlook a great deal, correct a little.
All great peoples are conservative.
Nobody needs to cry for me. I'm going to be great.
No great thing is created suddenly.
There is no greater glory than love, nor any great punishment than jealously.
Marriage is a great institution.
Irreligion - the principal one of the great faiths of the world.
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
Success is a great deodorant.
In general, pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes.
Truth is always served by great minds, even if they fight it.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Thrift is of great revenue.
Scientists dream about doing great things. Engineers do them.
No one was ever great without some portion of divine inspiration.
Life is a great big canvas throw all the paint you can at it.
A difference of taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great.
Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane.
There is something great and terrible about suicide.
I ran into Isosceles. He had a great idea for a new triangle!
God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple.
Passion for fame: A passion which is the instinct of all great souls.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
Produce great men, the rest follows.
To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
Hugs can do great amounts of good - especially for children.
People do not understand what a great revenue economy is.
Great men are seldom over-scrupulous in the arrangement of their attire.
It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.
Great is our admiration of the orator who speaks with fluency and discretion.
To know how to hide one's ability is great skill.
That's the great thing about a tractor. You can't really hear the phone ring.
Too great haste to repay an obligation is a kind of ingratitude.
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.
To love one that is great, is almost to be great one's self.
Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
We need a great president.
Great countries are those that produce great people.
Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.
The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.
The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.
No great deed is done by falterers who ask for certainty.
I was a great student at a great school, Wharton School of Finance.
Coffee and smoking are the last great addictions.
Different taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections.
Genius at first is little more than a great capacity for receiving discipline.
Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy.
When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.
It's a great country, where anybody can grow up to be president... except me.
Any great warrior is also a scholar, and a poet, and an artist.
When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results.
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
I have seen great intolerance shown in support of tolerance.
Traffic was very, very free. It was great.
No human being, however great, or powerful, was ever so free as a fish.
He that has a great nose, thinks everybody is speaking of it.
It's great to be here. It's great to be anywhere.
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
Great moments are born from great oppurtunities.
The internet is a great way to get on the net.
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
Life should be great rather than long.
High moral character is not a precondition for great moral accomplishments.
Hubris is one of the great renewable resources.
Just hit my 75th birthday, I'm feeling great!
You've got to be ready to be in a great relationship.
A am a great friend of public amusements, they keep people from vice.
No man was ever great by imitation.
It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.
The great man is he who does not lose his child's-heart.
Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.
Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness.
He who waits to do a great deal of good at once will never do anything.
They never fail who die in a great cause.
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers.
Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
Leaders must invoke an alchemy of great vision.
I played a great horse yesterday! It took seven horses to beat him.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
A great man is made up of qualities that meet or make great occasions.
He was as great as a man can be without morality.
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Some cause happiness wherever they go others whenever they go.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness, but it is greatness.
The first recipe for happiness is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.
Happiness is not a goal it is a by-product.
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.
Love is trembling happiness.
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
If you want to be happy, be.
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
You can be happy where you are.
An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves.
The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
Happiness is an inside job.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted.
Happiness depends more on how life strikes you than on what happens.
There is something curiously boring about somebody else's happiness.
Never mind your happiness do your duty.
Happiness is ideal, it is the work of the imagination.
Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself.
All who joy would win must share it. Happiness was born a Twin.
When what we are is what we want to be, that's happiness.
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring.
Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it.
Happiness is a direction, not a place.
Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness.
Lovers who love truly do not write down their happiness.
Happiness is brief. It will not stay. God batters at its sails.
Happiness isn't something you experience it's something you remember.
Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude.
It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
To describe happiness is to diminish it.
Our happiness depends on wisdom all the way.
Desire is individual. Happiness is common.
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Happiness never lays its finger on its pulse.
Happiness is the interval between periods of unhappiness.
Happiness is like a cloud, if you stare at it long enough, it evaporates.
Happiness is a virtue, not its reward.
Happiness is mostly a by-product of doing what makes us feel fulfilled.
Happiness seems made to be shared.
There is only one passion, the passion for happiness.
Happiness is a by-product. You cannot pursue it by itself.
Happiness is the harvest of a quiet eye.
Happiness does not consist in self-love.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
To buy happiness is to sell soul.
Happiness is composed of misfortunes avoided.
Life in common among people who love each other is the ideal of happiness.
We possess only the happiness we are able to understand.
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier.
The right to happiness is fundamental.
Life everlasting in a state of happiness is the greatest desire of all men.
There is happiness in duty, although it may not seem so.
Happiness will come from materialism, not from meaning.
So long as we can lose any happiness, we possess some.
Happiness is hard to recall. Its just a glow.
There is no worse sorrow than remembering happiness in the day of sorrow.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.
Happiness is not being pained in body or troubled in mind.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
No one has a right to consume happiness without producing it.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
Independence is happiness.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
The happiness of society is the end of government.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
All you need for happiness is a good gun, a good horse, and a good wife.
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.
The secret to happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible.
Action may not bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.
There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery.
Doing nothing is happiness for children and misery for old men.
A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose.
Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
Happiness is a hard master, particularly other people's happiness.
Where fear is, happiness is not.
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
When ambition ends, happiness begins.
Happiness is a how not a what. A talent, not an object.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
The white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery.
Happiness is a mystery, like religion, and should never be rationalised.
Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness.
The happiness and misery of men depend no less on temper than fortune.
Happiness is your own treasure because it lies within you.
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness.
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Happiness serves hardly any other purpose than to make unhappiness possible.
Money may not buy happiness, but it can damn well give it!
I hump the wild to take it all in, there is no bag limit on happiness.
Dancing and running shake up the chemistry of happiness.
Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.
Power, after love, is the first source of happiness.
The secret of happiness is something to do.
Love is not a feeling of happiness. Love is a willingness to sacrifice.
Character is the basis of happiness and happiness the sanction of character.
Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness.
Happiness is secured through virtue it is a good attained by man's own will.
Happiness: a good bank account, a good cook, and a good digestion.
Happiness isn't getting what you want, it's wanting what you got.
What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.
A good way I know to find happiness, is to not bore a hole to fit the plug.
Happiness is mental harmony unhappiness is mental inharmony.
Happiness is a thing to be practiced, like the violin.
Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness.
Happiness is obsolete: uneconomic.
Some of us might find happiness if we quit struggling so desperately for it.
Crying is cleansing. There's a reason for tears, happiness or sadness.
God's children and their happiness are my reasons for being.
Happiness in the present is only shattered by comparison with the past.
Happiness is a monstrosity! Punished are those who seek it.
Happiness is a very small desk and a very big wastebasket.
Everyone has their own way of expressing happiness.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
The will of man is his happiness.
Happiness... consists in giving, and in serving others.
Happiness is working with Jack Lemmon.
But happiness is no respecter of persons.
He who avoids complaint invites happiness.
There is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving.
Happiness is no respecter of persons.
I don't know the true meaning of happiness.
Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose.
Happiness isn't happiness unless there's a violin-playing goat.
Happiness is the longing for repetition.
Holiness, not happiness, is the chief end of man.
There is no correlation between happiness and amounts of money.
Even when they have nothing, the Irish emit a kind of happiness, a joy.
One must never look for happiness: one meets it by the way.
There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.
Happiness held is the seed Happiness shared is the flower.
A good cook is like a sorceress who dispenses happiness.
There is no happiness for people at the expense of other people.
Why does watching a dog be a dog fill one with happiness?
Happiness is always a coincidence.
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
The gratification of desire is not happiness.
That is happiness to be dissolved into something complete and great.
I never was someone who was at ease with happiness.
My life has run from misery to happiness.
Happiness? No, it's not there for me.
Life finds its purpose and fulfillment in the expansion of happiness.
Those who seek happiness miss it, and those who discuss it, lack it.
The sound of laughter is like the vaulted dome of a temple of happiness.
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
For me, love is happiness and inspiration.
I guess happiness is not a state you want to be in all the time.
I think a child may be the only thing that could give me true happiness.
I am deeply convinced that happiness does not exist in this world.
Every happiness is a hostage to fortune.
Trifles make up the happiness or the misery of human life.
Happiness, or misery, is in the mind. It is the mind that lives.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
Happiness lies first of all in health.
The slave may be happy, but happiness is not enough.
The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action.
I had to try and find a way to express happiness without sounding corny.
There is even a happiness - that makes the heart afraid.
You find happiness where you find it.
The most simple things can bring the most happiness.
Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit.
I get way too much happiness from good food.
Man must search for what is right, and let happiness come on its own.
I want fame more than I can tell. But more than I want fame I want happiness.
Happiness is no laughing matter.
I've had a good life. Enough happiness, enough success.
The independence of all political and other bother is a happiness.
Happiness is making your dreams come true.
I just hope I can spread some of the happiness that's been coming my way.
To me, the most important thing is happiness.
The arts are weapons of understanding and weapons of happiness.
Happiness is rarely absent it is we that know not of its presence.
The arrival of any child brings you a lot of happiness.
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
Happiness for me is getting to write about the most important things I know.
There's a higher form of happiness in commitment. I'm counting on it.
More company increases happiness, but does not lighten or diminish misery.
But it is my happiness to be half Welsh, and that the better half.
May there always be peace, love and happiness in every house.
One's happiness depends less on what he knows than on what he feels.
Every age has its happiness and troubles.
As long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness.
The secret of happiness is to find a congenial monotony.
Happiness consists not in having much, but in being content with little.
Success can create more madness than happiness.
Happiness is being on the beam with life - to feel the pull of life.
There is no happiness outside of ourselves.
Vegas means comedy, tragedy, happiness and sadness all at the same time.
We all of us deserve happiness or none of us does.
Happiness, to some, elation Is, to others, mere stagnation.
I'd learned how much happiness money can bring you. Very little.
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work.
The groundwork of all happiness is health.
Happiness consists in activity. It is running steam, not a stagnant pool.
See to do good, and you will find that happiness will run after you.
To me, flowers are happiness.
Money can't buy happiness.
What happiness is there which is not purchased with more or less of pain?
Even when there are times that we're not happy, happiness will creep in.
It is great happiness to be praised of them who are most praiseworthy.
Heaven takes care that no man secures happiness by crime.
Every moment of your life that is not a complete nightmare is happiness.
Eternal principles that govern happiness apply equally to all.
Happiness: a way station between too little and too much.
I knew everything and received everything. But real happiness, is giving.
Happiness is not a matter of events it depends upon the tides of the mind.
Happiness is only real when shared.
I say there is not more happiness for me than the freedom of my Homeland.
Your destiny is my destiny. Your happiness is my happiness.
A face is too slight a foundation for happiness.
We are selling dreams. We are merchants of happiness.
The gods conceal from men the happiness of death, that they may endure life.
Happiness is realizing that nothing is too important.
The crown of life is neither happiness nor annihilation it is understanding.
Happiness is the sublime moment when you get out of your corsets at night.
Money cannot buy happiness.
The Bourbon King was first ambassador of reason and human happiness.
Happiness comes from... some curious adjustment to life.
Life is full of happiness and tears be strong and have faith.
A good education is another name for happiness.
What is the worth of anything, But for the happiness 'twill bring?
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
On a soap, happiness never lasts for very long!
The wish for healing has always been half of health.
Henry David ThoreauHealing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.I have the body of an eighteen year old. I keep it in the fridge.Your body hears everything your mind says.Man needs difficulties they are necessary for health.If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.A healthy outside starts from the inside.My personal goals are to be happy, healthy and to be surrounded by loved ones.I'm exhausted trying to stay healthy.I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it.The body is a sacred garment.I feel pretty good. My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine.Arguments are healthy. They clear the air.I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944.I eat really healthy, and if I'm tired, I take a nap.I stand before you a totally healthy person.I'm still healthy as can be.I've made a promise to myself to be a 100% healthy person if nothing else.I had my moments when I got very frightened that I would not recover.Healthy people live with their world.Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.The first wealth is health.Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything.What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.It is better to lose health like a spendthrift than to waste it like a miser.It's no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.I've had extraordinary good luck with my health, other than a broken elbow.The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness.Health is not valued till sickness comes.Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.The true index of a man's character is the health of his wife.If you can be well without health, you may be happy without virtue.Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.Happiness is good health and a bad memory.I believe in universal health care. And I am not afraid to say so.Nobody likes insurance companies, especially health insurance companies.Health consists with temperance alone.America's health care system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system.Money is to my social existence what health is to my body.Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.I received free health care.Cynicism is humor in ill health.Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.Writing is hard work and bad for the health.For sleep, riches and health to be truly enjoyed, they must be interrupted.
Exuberant health is always, as such, sickness also.
Quit worrying about your health. It will go away.
Sobriety and health is the greatest thing.
Health food makes me sick.
My health is very good.
Health is the state about which medicine has nothing to say.
In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties.
My health is fine.
People use so much more health care when they live longer.
We drink one another's health and spoil our own.
America doesn't have health insurance.
Health consists of having the same diseases as one's neighbors.
My life in Brooklyn was in constant danger because of my bad health.
My health and my family are the core of my being.
My health is very much improved.
A woman's health is her capital.
Health is not a condition of matter, but of Mind.
As long as I have my health, I want to be reporting somewhere.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.
Lack of time is a real health killer.
I think health is another exceedingly important thing.
Fixing health care and fixing the economy are two sides of the same coin.
I have no regrets. I've got my health.
I have a lot of health anxiety.
There are all kinds of things you can do to marry literacy with health.
I fully support a national health care program for the U.S.
I've always enjoyed poor health.
High-quality food is better for your health.
Investing in health will produce enormous benefits.
It is true that too much belief can be bad for your health.
Happiness lies first of all in health.
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
I am in very good health. I've never felt better.
The truth is I had lots of rehab and now I have a clean bill of health.
I am passionate about talking to women about their breast health.
I believe in health care reform.
We are all ill: but even a universal sickness implies an idea of health.
People take the mickey out of mental health, but it is very delicate.
My health is good and it's up to me to keep it that way.
In other words we have marketed our way into this health crisis.
When I ran for Congress I promised to help make health care affordable again.
My background is in health care.
I am now almost certain that we need more radiation for better health.
Exercise keeps me occupied, which is good for my mental health.
I believe health care is a civil right.
Neither left nor right has focused adequately on maternal health.
I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.
Health is the core of human development.
Women's health is one of WHO's highest priorities.
One of the major goals of health insurance reform is to bring down the cost.
I turned into a workaholic to the point of where my health was in jeopardy.
I'm committed to universal health coverage and education.
I've never had any health problems and I'm Ruben, man, all the way through.
Health and education are always issues.
Family, nature and health all go together.
From my time in Health I know that choice empowers people lives.
City governments ought to be abolished, if only as a public health measure.
Health care costs are eating the Defense Department alive.
People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.
Because I would give it all back to have my health.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.
The great equalizer is health. If you don't have it, you're screwed.
Five years ago we were working on a new album when my health began failing.
The time is now for Congress to address health care in America.
All Americans should have access to quality, affordable health care.
Therefore in medicine we ought to know the causes of sickness and health.
It is time to maximize and prioritize our health care dollars.
On health care, virtually every political error that could be made was made.
My health is the No. 1 concern and my longevity is the No. 1 concern.
You know, for most seniors Medicare is their only form of health care.
Make hunger thy sauce, as a medicine for health.
Every American has a right to affordable, high-quality health care.
I had all kinds of food issues, including health concerns and weight concerns.
Most Americans want health insurance.
General Motors spends more on health care than steel.
For many years I didn't have health insurance.
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.
You can't make assumptions when you're dealing with health issues.
Those were the ideals that drove us to nationalization of the health service.
It's not health care reform to dump more money into Medicaid.
I believe that stress is a factor in any bad health.
I am all about health... and to me, size is not what defines your health.
I'm as obsessive with health as I was with destruction.
I am not obsessive about anything except my health.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
The very ink with which history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.
We would like to live as we once lived, but history will not permit it.
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it.
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle.
History is more or less bunk.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
Historian: an unsuccessful novelist.
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
What is history but a fable agreed upon?
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.
90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.
I have noticed that nothing I never said ever did me any harm.
God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them.
The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.
History never looks like history when you are living through it.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man.
Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.
Be as a tower firmly set Shakes not its top for any blast that blows.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
History is a vast early warning system.
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.
Civilization is a movement and not a condition, a voyage and not a harbor.
It takes an endless amount of history to make even a little tradition.
Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
It is the soothing thing about history that it does repeat itself.
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
World War II was the last government program that really worked.
Russians can give you arms but only the United States can give you a solution.
It's a very good historical book about history.
Despise the enemy strategically, but take him seriously tactically.
When the rich think about the poor, they have poor ideas.
Honor is not the exclusive property of any political party.
Failure is impossible.
The past actually happened but history is only what someone wrote down.
Friendship is a word, the very sight of which in print makes the heart warm.
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.
The more bombers, the less room for doves of peace.
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have.
History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions.
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
Time is my greatest enemy.
History is a vision of God's creation on the move.
September 11th was a moment when America had the sympathy of the world.
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.
You have to look at history as an evolution of society.
Libraries are not made, they grow.
They can shout down the head of the physics department at Cal Tech.
The construction of Europe is an art. It is the art of the possible.
We learned the value of research in World War II.
The 1st Amendment protects the right to speak, not the right to spend.
That great dust-heap called 'history'.
You can't set a hen in one morning and have chicken salad for lunch.
Remember, God provides the best camouflage several hours out of every 24.
We are not makers of history. We are made by history.
History is written by the victors.
History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is.
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
History is a set of lies agreed upon.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy.
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.
History is only the register of crimes and misfortunes.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
History should be written as philosophy.
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
For most of history, Anonymous was a woman.
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy.
The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles.
The Bible is one of the most genocidal books in history.
Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
History, a distillation of rumour.
This is a moment in history where it is almost hard to catch your breath.
A Conservative is a fellow who is standing athwart history yelling 'Stop!'
Things have never been more like the way they are today in history.
Read no history: nothing but biography, for that is life without theory.
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
History develops, art stands still.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
The history of art is the history of revivals.
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history.
If you think you have it tough, read history books.
History shows that there are no invincible armies.
History books that contain no lies are extremely dull.
I'm not one of those who wants to purge our society of our Christian history.
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.
Ideas shape the course of history.
The history of liberty is a history of resistance.
I loved history because to me, history was like watching a movie.
The people who have really made history are the martyrs.
Americans are rising to the tasks of history, and they expect the same of us.
In Jewish history there are no coincidences.
A woman's whole life is a history of the affections.
The greatest honor history can bestow is that of peacemaker.
Every literary critic believes he will outwit history and have the last word.
Once you get into this great stream of history, you can't get out.
I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.
The main thing is to make history, not to write it.
Sometimes - history needs a push.
Human history in essence is the history of ideas.
History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul.
The history of saints is mainly the history of insane people.
All history is incomprehensible without Christ.
Value people on their potential, not on their history.
Christopher HitchensOur ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times.History does not merely touch on language, but takes place in it.So I'm OK with myself, with history, my work, who I am and who I was.Man seems to insist on ignoring the lessons available from history.I think the materialist conception of history is valid.Yeah, I read history. But it doesn't make you nice. Hitler read history, too.
Black history is American history.
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
This is the lesson that history teaches: repetition.
The history of mankind is the instant between two strides taken by a traveler.
History is Philosophy teaching by example.
The history of the world is the world's court of justice.
Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!
History takes time. History makes memory.
Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom?
Our history is not our destiny.
History is mostly guessing the rest is prejudice.
I'm not keen on history being tampered with... to any extent.
I want to write a book which is the history of comedy.
I think people in general have neglected to learn about history.
My major allegiance has been to storytelling, not to history.
Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather.
My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading.
Legend remains victorious in spite of history.
I was reading a book... 'the history of glue' - I couldn't put it down.
Barack Obama is one of the greatest politicians in American history.
History is the interpretation of the significance that the past has for us.
History shows that when the church accommodates culture, it weakens it.
I am fascinated by history and particularly the Victorian era.
Robots have a rich and storied history in movies.
Barack Obama is the most famous living person in the history of the world.
The becoming of man is the history of the exhaustion of his possibilities.
I'm a history nut.
I do consider myself part of black history.
World history is a court of judgment.
History is the science of things which are not repeated.
Sometimes history takes things into its own hands.
You're going to relegate my history to a month.
In history people dressed much better than we do today.
I normally ignore the History Channel.
There's a lot of revisionist history that goes on these days about Iraq.
I'm inspired by history, different periods.
Natural history is not about producing fables.
Whatever can be noted historically can be found within history.
Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history.
You don't hate history, you hate the way it was taught to you in high school.
It's not the sentiments of men which make history but their actions.
I did not come to NASA to make history.
It takes a great deal of history to produce a little literature.
Great writing can be done in biography, history, art.
A year is an eternity in politics - though less than a moment in history.
History's a resource.
History passes the final judgment.
Debate and divergence of views can only enrich our history and culture.
Those who become mentally ill often have a history of chronic pain.
The prolonged slavery of women is the darkest page in human history.
The history of astronomy is a history of receding horizons.
I want to go down in history.
I like American history.
Love is the whole history of a woman's life, it is but an episode in a man's.
A chronicle is very different from history proper.
In terms of the history of a far reaching movement, 20 years is not that long.
History is always changing.
To communicate the truths of history is an act of hope for the future.
In fact history does not belong to us but we belong to it.
History is littered with wars which everybody knew would never happen.
I think you can learn from history.
That's history. I say history because it happened in the past.
Strip malls are history.
The history of mankind is the history of ideas.
I'll watch any show on the History Channel.
Part of what I enjoy about the theatre and acting is that sense of history.
History is an endless repetition of the wrong way of living.
I don't have a long family history of good cooks in my family.
Alison SweeneyRevolutions are the periods of history when individuals count most.History can never be covered up.
If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false.
When history is erased, people's moral values are also erased.
Watch the History Channel if you want it literal and historically perfect.
I must admit, maybe I am a piece of history after all.
I have a long-standing history of respecting artists' wishes.
Macon has such a rich musical history - and the state of Georgia, as well.
I'm not sure history has ended.
World history is tragic.
Whatever we do or fail to do will influence the course of history.
Great woman belong to history and to self sacrifice.
The real history of consciousness starts with one's first lie.
While history never repeats itself, political patterns do.
The history of Wall Street is inseparable from New York.
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home.
Home is where the heart is.
Home life is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo.
There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort.
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.
You never know what events are going to transpire to get you home.
Charity begins at home, but should not end there.
Kindness goes a long ways lots of times when it ought to stay at home.
Housework is what a woman does that nobody notices unless she hasn't done it.
Where thou art, that is home.
The home should be the treasure chest of living.
In our home there was always prayer - aloud, proud and unapologetic.
Home is any four walls that enclose the right person.
I do not recall a Jewish home without a book on the table.
If your house is burning, wouldn't you try and put out the fire?
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.
Home interprets heaven. Home is heaven for beginners.
A man's house is his castle.
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there.
Any old place I can hang my hat is home sweet home to me.
A man's home is his wife's castle.
Home wasn't built in a day.
To be a queen of a household is a powerful thing.
There is nothing more important than a good, safe, secure home.
Seek home for rest, for home is best.
The home is the chief school of human virtues.
A heart makes a good home for the friend.
I grew up in a household where everybody lived at the top of his lungs.
The prospect of going home is very appealing.
I'm a real Suzy Homemaker.
Home is one's birthplace, ratified by memory.
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.
Home is where you feel at home and are treated well.
I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself.
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
An artist has no home in Europe except in Paris.
Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired.
The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.
I dislike feeling at home when I am abroad.
My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?
Africa for the Africans... at home and abroad!
You see much more of your children once they leave home.
Home is where one starts from.
A home without books is a body without soul.
I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas.
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
But, you know, you can't be a star at home.
I had a lot of dates but I decided to stay home and dye my eyebrows.
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.
When everyone goes home, you're stuck with yourself.
If an ass goes travelling he will not come home a horse.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people and then I go home alone.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
I never learned hate at home, or shame. I had to go to school for that.
Maria is the best reason to come home.
A smile abroad is often a scowl at home.
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs.
Never be the only one, except, possibly, in your own home.
I still close my eyes and go home - I can always draw from that.
I figure that if the children are alive when I get home, I've done my job.
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.
I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home.
Better do a good deed near at home than go far away to burn incense.
One small cat changes coming home to an empty house to coming home.
To be an ideal guest, stay at home.
Christmas is, of course, the time to be home - in heart as well as body.
Where there is a mother in the home, matters go well.
To Adam Paradise was home. To the good among his descendants home is paradise.
I daresay one good concert justifies a week of satisfaction at home.
Home is pretty utopian.
I love coming home to somebody, I love being in a relationship.
I feel most at home in the water. I disappear. That's where I belong.
Here is my first principle of foreign policy: good government at home.
On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.
I will not have my son grow up in a tension-filled home.
I was brought up in a household of chaos and I never felt stable at home.
I would love to have a robot at home.
A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family.
More than anything else, I want the folks back at home to think right of me.
I have an abacus at home.
The desire to hit a big home run is dominating the music business.
I like my home and I like the nature.
I left home because I was hungry.
Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war.
I like being at home and cooking.
Philosophy is properly home-sickness the wish to be everywhere at home.
Managing is getting paid for home runs that someone else hits.
Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.
Going home must be like going to render an account.
Well, after the divorce, I went home and turned all the lights on!
I am told that the first comprehensible word I uttered as a child was 'home.'
It's easy to underestimate the real cost of home ownership.
I had a blast doing the Warped Tour, but it's good to be home, for sure.
He may be president, but he still comes home and swipes my socks.
At home I'm just a guy who has interests that extend far beyond music.
The quest for peace begins in the home, in the school and in the workplace.
Just that working with Clint again is like coming home.
Sub-Saharan Africa is also home to 400 million of the world's poorest people.
I like to stay at home and make cinema in my head.
After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.
I never would have given up my work to stay home.
I believe my woman shouldn't work outside the home.
I want to go home at night and feel discomfort.
Prescott National Forest is right on the edge of my home in Arizona.
I am not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
Every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home.
I exercise at home - light cardio and yoga.
I am a voyager - and the voyage cannot mean that I stay at home.
I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.
Outside of being home with my family, I prefer a crowd.
Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.
I have enough music coming out of my kids' bedrooms when I'm at home.
Like charity, I believe glamour should begin at home.
Atlanta's my musical home. It really was the place where I really came alive.
I would have gone home to my mother, but I'm not that crazy about my mother.
Education, like neurosis, begins at home.
It is easier to take a position in the abstract than when it hits home.
Don't leave home without your sword - your intellect.
I have a dress-up chest at home. I love to create this fantasy kind of thing.
I seek to call America home to those principles that gave us birth.
Music was my joy, my home, the one place I felt happy and secure.
All I was doing was trying to get home from work.
Being born in a Christian home does not make you a Christian.
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.
For me, London is and always will be home.
I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool.
There is not a lot of separation between work and home life.
My restless, roaming spirit would not allow me to remain at home very long.
My home has always been show business.
But Vegas is really my first home.
I love being home at Christmastime.
I feel like I'm working on an oil rig right now. I'm away from home a lot.
Once I am in the square circle, I am in my home.
If you're not a competitor, you've just got to go home.
Baseball is like driving, it's the one who gets home safely that counts.
Everybody at home speaks mandarin except me.
When I'm at home in Virginia, I become more hermit-like. I like my own home.
There's definitely space for uniqueness in a home console.
I have always drawn strength from being close to home.
Especially when you play at home, you need a good atmosphere behind you.
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
Pride, avarice, and envy are in every home.
I'm like a really goofy home ec teacher.
While I enjoy spending time in L.A., Britain is my home.
I love coming back to Neath - this is home and always will be.
Events at home, at work, in the street - these are the bases for a story.
I carry groceries home on the tank of my motorcycle.
Family makes a house a home.
I don't get a chance to be home much.
Music is my home.
I cook all my meals at home.
The thrill of coming home has never changed.
Everywhere you hang your hat is home. Home is the bright cave under the hat.
I grew up in a very toxic home.
A nutritionist helps me eat healthily at home.
The American dream seems to be thriving in Europe not at home.
I listen to the phone-ins on the way home and I know how the fans feel.
I speak relatively little, except when I'm at home and I'm asking for things.
Home is where my mom is.
My home town is very small and very remote and we don't have a movie house.
When I began to make some money, I really wanted to have a home.
I play basketball probably four to five days a week when I'm back home.
I have a little kitchen office at home, where I do all my kids' stuff.
I love home cooking, and I'm not a great one for fast food.
Nice to see your home fans boo you. That's what loyal support is.
I lived at home till I was 29.
Ladies and gentlemen, god bless America - land of the free, home of the brave.
It's not about finding a home so much as finding yourself.
I came from a broken home, so my mom was a major influence in my life.
I buy records - vinyl. I have a record player at home.
I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home.
Turn up the lights. I don't want to go home in the dark.
We talk a lot in our home together about where we're going, what I'm doing.
At home I've got a very puerile, juvenile sense of humour.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
This suspense is terrible. I hope it will last.
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.
Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.
Hope is the dream of a waking man.
Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
Hope is tomorrow's veneer over today's disappointment.
Never deprive someone of hope it might be all they have.
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Chance has never yet satisfied the hope of a suffering people.
A strong mind always hopes, and has always cause to hope.
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
A whole stack of memories never equal one little hope.
Expecting something for nothing is the most popular form of hope.
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.
Hope is the last thing a person does before they are defeated.
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
To live without Hope is to Cease to live.
Beware how you take away hope from another human being.
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.
It is only hope which is real, and reality is a bitterness and a deceit.
I hope that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
Hope will never be silent.
Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words wait and hope.
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
How disappointment tracks the steps of hope.
At the moment of death I hope to be surprised.
Hope is a waking dream.
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness.
One loves to possess arms, though they hope never to have occasion for them.
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.
He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
While there's life, there's hope.
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
When I die, I hope to go to Heaven, whatever the Hell that is.
To me, we're marketing hope.
I don't know what can be so dangerous about giving people hope.
Those who hope for no other life are dead even for this.
Hope is the pillar that holds up the world. Hope is the dream of a waking man.
God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world.
Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man.
It is a vain hope to make people happy by politics.
Marriage is the death of hope.
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
We should not moor a ship with one anchor, or our life with one hope.
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
I hope you love birds too. It is economical. It saves going to heaven.
In most of mankind gratitude is merely a secret hope of further favors.
Hope is the feeling we have that the feeling we have is not permanent.
I hope to have communion with the people, that is the most important thing.
The youth is the hope of our future.
Among physicists, I'm respected I hope.
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.
I wish you a tolerable Thursday. That's all any of us can hope for.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
Hope is the only bee that makes honey without flowers.
Hope travels through, nor quits us when we die.
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.
It's a good place when all you have is hope and not expectations.
I hope I didn't bore you too much with my life story.
Not without hope we suffer and we mourn.
I hope for the day when everyone can speak again of God without embarrassment.
Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one.
I hope to die in the saddle seat.
What can I know? What ought I to do? What can I hope?
Hope is the denial of reality.
My hopes are not always realized, but I always hope.
Blues are the songs of despair, but gospel songs are the songs of hope.
Anarchy is the only slight glimmer of hope.
Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.
Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.
Hope is a great falsifier. Let good judgment keep her in check.
I hope when I'm dead I'll be considered an icon, though.
I see the whole concept of Generation X implies that everyone has lost hope.
One must always hope when one is desperate, and doubt when one hopes.
Who dares nothing, need hope for nothing.
Hope is patience with the lamp lit.
I hope to be scaring children for the rest of my life.
Counting is the religion of this generation it is its hope and its salvation.
Hope of ill gain is the beginning of loss.
Right now I'm not involved with anybody, but I hope by 75 I will be again.
Life has changed enormously, and I hope - I hope more people read good things.
Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.
There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again.
Cat StevensWe must rediscover the distinction between hope and expectation.To Live signifies to believe and hope - to lie and to lie to oneself.Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer.Beware how you take away hope from any human being.I hope my tongue in prune juice smothers, If I belittle dogs and mothers.But groundless hope, like unconditional love, is the only kind worth having.I want you to take away the hope because that's the thing that's killing me.I hope I am the Tim Tebow of the Iowa caucuses.Ireland was a place for the renewal of hope and I still see it like that.I really hope my peers appreciate and respect what I'm doing.I temporarily lost my hope in love, and it was temporary, thank goodness.Hope never abandons you, you abandon it.Keep hope alive!I hope to be involved in a successful movie script.Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.I hope all you young girls see yourself up there... we were just like you.I hope the two wings of the Democratic Party may flap together.I hope my own children never have to fight a war.He is the best physician who is the most ingenious inspirer of hope.I'm really fun. I'm ridiculously fun. I hope I'm infectiously fun.Hope is the cordial that keeps life from stagnating.I too hope in this short reign to be a man of peace.I hope I die before I get old.Do the best you can with yourself and hope for the best.Hope, the best comfort of our imperfect condition.I enjoy comedy and I hope that people enjoy watching me do it.I hope I have important things to say.It's just a part of our nature to hope.My sweetest hope is to lose hope.You hope that your teenage self would like and forgive your 50-year-old self.Let's hope you feel better now.In an election, one needs both hope and audacity.When I get into bed at night, I hope I don't get into it alone!There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.A widow's refusal of a lover is seldom so explicit as to exclude hope.I hope to bring people to God with my songs.One must not hope to be more than one can be.I still believe in a place called Hope.The Middle East is hopeful. There's hope there.There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do.We hope the world will act in the spirit of enlightened self-interest.A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread.If the skies fall, one may hope to catch larks.On what rests the hope of the republic? One country, one language, one flag!I hope there are some audiophiles still out there.The only way of knowing a person is to love them without hope.I think it's a mistake to ever look for hope outside of one's self.Hope is independent of the apparatus of logic.Nick Stahl
I try to give people hope. Even though life is bleak, there's hope out there.
I hope to work harder than ever to help people around the world.
Pity the selfishness of lovers: it is brief, a forlorn hope it is impossible.
They have a kind of Bob Hope and Bing Crosby thing going on.
I hope to inspire people, influence people.
I hope that anyone I worked with wouldn't exploit our relationship.
This AIDS stuff is pretty scary. I hope I don't get it.
I just hope I can live long enough to see the fame.
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.
Hope is the feeling that the feeling you have isn't permanent.
The great hope of society is in individual character.
To communicate the truths of history is an act of hope for the future.
We have to always hope in humanity that people will make the right choices.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.
I hope by the time I'm 30 to have a husband and maybe a baby.
I hope the Guggenheim plan will be revived.
I am proud to have been capable of giving people hope again.
I hope I'm still shooting when I'm 80.
Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook.
Hope is like a harebell trembling from its birth.
Hope is a very unruly emotion.
I hope for peace and sanity - it's the same thing.
There's hope for everyone. That's what makes the world go round.
I hope to be an actor and never retire.
I hope to stay unemployed as a war photographer till the end of my life.
People tend to overstate my resilience, but, of course, I hope they're right.
When we cannot hope to win, it is an advantage to yield.
The Opera was a very cold film, a hopeless and dark film, no hope, no love.
Having kids is something I want to see in my future - I hope.
I don't care what other critics say, I only hope to be played.
We all hope for breakthrough rebirth moments.
Hope is a risk that must be run.
I would hope everyone would be a feminist.
I hope girls read what I say in interviews - they should just be themselves.
Greg KinnearI remember thinking, That's what I need - and that hope was in Jesus Christ.I hope to get out before they start football next year.Structure is one of the things that I always hope will reveal itself to me.I hope people like me and appreciate me the way I am.Hope thou not much, and fear thou not at all.Sometimes I feel I hope I am not taking advantage of my stardom.
Hope springs eternal, even in politics.
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.
Even if the hopes you started out with are dashed, hope has to be maintained.
Boast is always a cry of despair, except in the young it is a cry of hope.
I hope I never get so old I get religious.
I hope one day I will host my own charity event to give back to society.
Whatever I do, I hope it's quality, I hope it's something that's class.
I hope that my government can help change Italian mentality.
I think if there's a great depression there might be some hope.
I hope to make acting my career for the rest of my life, if I can.
I hope that I serve by being a teacher.
I hope to continue writing. I hope to continue teaching.
I hope to work with kids any way possible.
Take hope from the heart of man and you make him a beast of prey.
Our only hope is to control the vote.
We need to keep hope alive and strive to do better.
A joke is a very serious thing.
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow there is no humor in Heaven.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
The secret to humor is surprise.
When humor goes, there goes civilization.
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles.
Humor is reason gone mad.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Wit is the lowest form of humor.
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.
A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it.
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself.
Gags die, humor doesn't.
All I know about humor is that I don't know anything about it.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger.
Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
What a strange world this would be if we all had the same sense of humor.
Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile.
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor.
Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
The more I live, the more I think that humor is the saving sense.
One doesn't have a sense of humor. It has you.
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.
Puns are a form of humor with words.
Great men are rarely isolated mountain peaks they are the summits of ranges.
Humor is merely tragedy standing on its head with its pants torn.
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
I think I have always had a little humor.
Humor is the most engaging cowardice.
Humor has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.
One of the things that binds us as a family is a shared sense of humor.
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.
I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches tolerance.
A sense of humor is great - it goes a long, long way in a marriage.
Men are happy to be laughed at for their humor, but not for their folly.
I am often the brunt of my own humor.
Cynicism is humor in ill health.
Total absence of humor renders life impossible.
Humor comes from self-confidence.
No mind is thoroughly well organized that is deficient in a sense of humor.
You have to have a sense of humor about life to get through it.
Bad humor is an evasion of reality good humor is an acceptance of it.
Have a sense of humor about life - you will need it. And be courteous.
I've got a great sense of humor.
People of humor are always in some degree people of genius.
A little perspective, like a little humor, goes a long way.
A lot of people into Tool, for some reason, are not interested in humor.
I'm just very amused by five-year-old humor.
If the blood humor is too strong and robust, calm it with balance and harmony.
What we're doing is fun - if you have any sense of humor at all!
I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor.
My life is part humor, part roses, part thorns.
I think God gave us senses of humor, and we should use them.
A lot of stars don't have a sense of humor.
You've got to have a sense of humor to keep your sanity.
Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.
I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor, but not dirty humor.
Mixing humor and politics is something that works.
People with no humor, they're outta my life.
My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor.
I love poking fun at myself. I have a rather mean sense of humor.
The darker the film, the more vital everyone's sense of humor is on set.
I have wit in my work and a sense of humor, but I do not use irony in any way.
If I ever have sex with someone I might be able to develop a sense of humor.
I realized women and humor were linked very closely.
I just am a snob when it comes to humor.
God has a most wicked sense of humor.
There's always a source for humor.
It's hard to force creativity and humor.
I don't think humor is forced upon my universe it's a part of it.
The comic is the perception of the opposite humor is the feeling of it.
I think God has a tremendous sense of humor.
Men live by intervals of reason under the sovereignty of humor and passion.
Humor can be an incredible, lacerating and effective weapon.
I think in life, the sense of humor and comedy always exists.
Stand-up comics reflect less of a visual humor and more of a commentary.
I can't not put humor in a book.
As I get older, my sense of humor is my biggest asset.
With Ricky Gervais, it's all shades of wrong, it's my kind of humor.
Advertisers also know that humor can help bond us to their product.
Whether planned or not, humor takes our mind off of our troubles.
Any attempts at humor immediately after September 11th were deemed tasteless.
Throughout history, great leaders have known the power of humor.
Humor can be one of our best survival tools.
Everybody's got a different sense of humor. It's just different styles.
The love of truth lies at the root of much humor.
That is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you.
I try to cope with everything through humor.
We do not take humor seriously enough.
Colombian humor is very black, very sarcastic.
I have a dark sense of humor.
I don't know if my sense of humor goes over Americans' heads.
I think Canadian humor is a little less broad than American humor.
Humor can inform and break down stigma, which is a huge issue in the military.
I'm not an expert on the Malaysian sense of humor.
I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.
I'm not for gratuitous nudity, but if there's humor, I don't have a problem.
However, frat-boy humor is funny and it always will be.
A farce, or slapstick humor, does well universally.
Do feminists have a sense of humor? Yes.
Confidence and a good sense of humor can usually win a chick over.
Jazz can be so serious, no sense of humor.
Academics tend to have wonderfully infantile senses of humor.
If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?
It's very hard to write humor.
I am a great believer that what makes our show different is the humor.
Humor that is edgy is never squeaky clean.
G.I. humor is similar to cop humor.
Humor is healing.
Humor is the ability to see three sides to one coin.
I think great humor lies in playing the truth of a situation.
I'm not really big on slapstick humor. I like gentle humor.
Humor is a social lubricant that helps us get over some of the bad spots.
Rock Hudson wasn't my type. He's a great guy and had a great sense of humor.
Think about scary movies: There's a fine line between horror and humor.
Good humor isn't a trait of character, it is an art which requires practice.
I have a very dark sense of humor.
We don't appreciate the value of humor sometimes.
We have always had gross humor. But we try for funny, not gross.
When a chick has a sense of humor, there's nothing more attractive.
I don't have a very quick sense of humor.
And for my family, comedically, that was the key to a lot of the humor.
It's odd how violence and humor so often go together, isn't it?
I like dark humor. My favorite movie of all time is 'Harold and Maude.'
The president of General Motors was in a foul humor.
The Good Humor man can only be pushed so far.
A good sense of humor will get you everywhere.
I regard the writing of humor as a supreme artistic challenge.
A boy is naturally full of humor.
I like humor.
Our humor turns our anger into a fine art.
Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.
You may not like the humor, but that is why every radio has an on-off button.
We take the shortest route to the puck and arrive in ill humor.
This is a feminist bookstore. There is no humor section.
The best scary movies have great humor in them and a great story.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, are of imagination all compact.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
Imagination rules the world.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life.
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.
I imagine that yes is the only living thing.
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.
One is never fortunate or as unfortunate as one imagines.
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be.
Imagination is at the root of much that passes for love.
Some stories are true that never happened.
I believed in myself. I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player.
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven it is my inheritance, I suppose.
The imagination is man's power over nature.
What we imagine is order is merely the prevailing form of chaos.
You need imagination in order to imagine a future that doesn't exist.
There are no shortcuts in life - only those we imagine.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination.
Reason is the natural order of truth but imagination is the organ of meaning.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
The imagination imitates. It is the critical spirit that creates.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant.
Science does not know its debt to imagination.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.
Few people have the imagination for reality.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Imagination is the true magic carpet.
Nothing is more fearful than imagination without taste.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves.
Faith is spiritualized imagination.
Happiness is ideal, it is the work of the imagination.
The human race is governed by its imagination.
The debt we owe to the play of imagination is incalculable.
Imagination is a poor matter when it has to part company with understanding.
Liberty: One of Imagination's most precious possessions.
Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.
Our thoughts and imagination are the only real limits to our possibilities.
Imagination is the eye of the soul.
Imagination decides everything.
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.
An idea is salvation by imagination.
The world of reality has its limits the world of imagination is boundless.
Fantasy mirrors desire. Imagination reshapes it.
Don Quixote's misfortune is not his imagination, but Sancho Panza.
My imagination is a monastery and I am its monk.
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Taste refers to the past, imagination to the future.
Imagination has rules, but we can only guess what they are.
One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Where there is no imagination there is no horror.
Sometimes I feel like a figment of my own imagination.
True change takes place in the imagination.
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.
The great instrument of moral good is the imagination.
Reason respects the differences, and imagination the similitudes of things.
Uttering a word is like striking a note on the keyboard of the imagination.
To have frequent recourse to narrative betrays great want of imagination.
Truth titillates the imagination far less than fiction.
Life is possible only by the deficiencies of our imagination and memory.
I've done a lot of bad things. Use your imagination.
Man lives by imagination.
Imagination creates reality.
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
I have a very vivid imagination.
This is one of those cases in which the imagination is baffled by the facts.
It takes no imagination to live within your means.
A great wind is blowing, and that gives you either imagination or a headache.
One longs for a director with a sense of imagination.
Everything, I think, about acting is based on imagination.
People write memoirs because they lack the imagination to make things up.
Imagination... its limits are only those of the mind itself.
I try to decorate my imagination as much as I can.
Imagination has a great deal to do with winning.
I used my imagination to make the grass whatever color I wanted it to be.
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.
Jehovah God is truly rich far beyond the imagination of humankind.
The imagination is part of the arsenal that actors draw from.
I had a pretty sexual imagination for a kid.
The most dire disaster in love is the death of imagination.
People can die of mere imagination.
I was raised not to be afraid to show emotion or imagination.
I'm not a passive person by any stretch of the imagination.
I wouldn't say that I've had a tough life by any stretch of the imagination.
Philosophy and Art both render the invisible visible by imagination.
Nathan FillionPolitics is the enemy of the imagination.True intelligence requires fabulous imagination.Love is based on imagination.My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.A clever, imagination, humorous request can open closed doors and closed minds.Imagination is the air of mind.
I use a lot of film images, analogies, and imagination.
Imagination creates some big monsters.
I believe that imagination inspires nations. It's something that I live by.
Vulgarity begins when imagination succumbs to the explicit.
We especially need imagination in science.
Imagination comes of not having things.
We forget that what matters begins with the imagination.
Imagination is as good as many voyages - and how much cheaper!
Only in your imagination can you revise.
You have to just go with your imagination, where your instinct takes you.
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.
I mean, the most important thing to me is imagination.
Imagination needs to be fed.
The artist must bow to the monster of his own imagination.
I've always had an active imagination.
Writing poetry is the hard manual labor of the imagination.
War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination.
He brought imagination to the story of the Creation.
Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination.
Much that we read of Russia is imagination and desire only.
A disaster where marble has been substituted for imagination.
Joe DanteUsually I say I have no imagination.Imagination, the traitor of the mind, has taken my solitude and slain it.I loved the world of imagination.When one paints an ideal, one does not need to limit one's imagination.When you are young your imagination is so clear.She has no imagination and that means no compassion.To them though, not to us, we were just a catalyst for their imagination.I like photographs which leave something to the imagination.The imagination is the golden pathway to everywhere.You know, working as an actor, I'm always working within my own imagination.Be drawn to the visual arts for it can expand your imagination.My imagination is my polestar I steer by that.It takes as much imagination to create debt as to create income.Imagination is but another name for super intelligence.In imagination, there's no limitation.Imagination is a beast that has to be put in a cage.You are indebted to you imagination for three-fourths of your importance.The world is not run by thought, nor by imagination, but by opinion.Everybody in their own imagination decides what scary is.A financier is a pawnbroker with imagination.Anyone who lives within his means suffers from a lack of imagination.With the brush we merely tint, while the imagination alone produces colour.Television contracts the imagination and radio expands it.It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.Hope is a waking dream.Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
You change your life by changing your heart.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
The best way out is always through.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
Belief creates the actual fact.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Give light and people will find the way.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
Great hopes make great men.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
We convince by our presence.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
The authentic self is the soul made visible.
Think with your whole body.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Our ideals are our better selves.
Ideas shape the course of history.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
Angie StoneI wanted to do something inspirational for my children.I view art as an inspirational tool.Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.Books are challenging and inspirational to me.Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.Common sense is not so common.Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.Ignorance is the curse of God knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.To expect the unexpected shows a thoroughly modern intellect.I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.Information is not knowledge.Action is the real measure of intelligence.Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.Wit is educated insolence.An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant.There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.Genius always finds itself a century too early.A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition.Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics.I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues.The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.Knowledge is love and light and vision.Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers.Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so.Genius is initiative on fire.Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.There is no method but to be very intelligent.Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one.Every true genius is bound to be naive.There are only two races on this planet - the intelligent and the stupid.Belief is the death of intelligence.To think is to practice brain chemistry.Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.Mad, adj. Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.An intellectual is a man who doesn't know how to park a bike.Always be smarter than the people who hire you.It is good to rub and polish our brain against that of others.It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.You have to be smart. The easy days are over.We all agree that pessimism is a mark of superior intellect.I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.The higher the voice the smaller the intellect.Man becomes man only by his intelligence, but he is man only by his heart.Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly.Intelligence is really a kind of taste: taste in ideas.A person must have a certain amount of intelligent ignorance to get anywhere.The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain.If little else, the brain is an educational toy.People are smarter than you might think.Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.Don't leave home without your sword - your intellect.To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization.When I see a dolphin, I know it's just as smart as I am.Remember to be as smart as you are.Intelligence is not a science.Intellectuals are too sentimental for me.The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense I call it intelligence.Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.Man is an intelligence in servitude to his organs.Scepticism, that dry caries of the intelligence.It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value.Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.Joseph Story
To educate the intelligence is to expand the horizon of its wants and desires.
Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are.
Intelligence is a moral category.
The universe is an intelligence test.
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.
Whatever debases the intelligence degrades the entire human being.
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer.
Intelligence flourishes only in the ages when belief withers.
Poets are the sense, philosophers the intelligence of humanity.
Our actions are the results of our intentions and our intelligence.
Intelligence is enormously sexy.
Football is a game about feelings and intelligence.
Curiosity is free-wheeling intelligence.
That which the Fascists hate above all else, is intelligence.
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.
There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence.
Play is the only way the highest intelligence of humankind can unfold.
I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence.
It takes an extraordinary intelligence to contemplate the obvious.
Intelligence must follow faith, never precede it, and never destroy it.
It is impossible to underrate human intelligence - beginning with one's own.
Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.
Intelligence recognizes what has happened. Genius recognizes what will happen.
Cynicism is the intellectual cripple's substitute for intelligence.
I want to exude strength and intelligence.
I'm a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will.
Human folk are as a matter of fact eager to find intelligence in animals.
Hamlet is an astonishing intelligence.
True intelligence requires fabulous imagination.
I think intelligence is totally subjective it's like sexiness.
So there is a foreign intelligence purpose for every one of our FISA warrants.
The intelligence community gets hurt through sequestration.
Christianity taught men that love is worth more than intelligence.
Man has made use of his intelligence, he invented stupidity.
There is huge demand for artificial intelligence technologies.
A great many people think that polysyllables are a sign of intelligence.
I don't know how to depict intelligence.
There is a lot of strength and intelligence in Hollywood.
We need to make a greater investment in human intelligence.
In reality, serial killers are of average intelligence.
By the 2030s, the nonbiological portion of our intelligence will predominate.
I was an intelligence officer, not a policy-maker.
You mustn't underestimate an audience's intelligence.
People have taught me not to look for intelligence in rockmusic.
The qualities I am looking for in Miss Right are intelligence and humour.
Policymakers have to make judgments based on the best intelligence they get.
Without consciousness and intelligence, the universe would lack meaning.
The key to artificial intelligence has always been the representation.
I feel audiences are not given enough credit for their intelligence.
But the same intelligence compels Germany to practise the same policy.
You want to keep intelligence separate from policy.
Imagination is but another name for super intelligence.
Instinct is intelligence incapable of self-consciousness.
The skills of the British intelligence community are a great national asset.
Nothing has caused the human race so much trouble as intelligence.
Intelligence is nothing without delight.
Truth knows no color it appeals to intelligence.
To lack intelligence is to be in the ring blindfolded.
I am not a member of the CIA or any other intelligence agency.
The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves.
Don't waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind.
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.
To jealousy, nothing is more frightful than laughter.
Jealousy... is a mental cancer.
He that is jealous is not in love.
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.
Jealousy is all the fun you think they had.
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.
Jealousy is a dog's bark which attracts thieves.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.
Jealousy is the fear of comparison.
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive.
Jealousy - that jumble of secret worship and ostensible aversion.
More men die of jealousy than of cancer.
There is never jealousy where there is not strong regard.
There is no greater glory than love, nor any great punishment than jealously.
The lovesick, the betrayed, and the jealous all smell alike.
The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause.
Jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire.
Jealousy is the tie that binds, and binds, and binds.
From heresy, frenzy and jealousy, good Lord deliver me.
Passion can quickly slip to jealousy, or even hatred.
Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul.
Jealousy is the grave of affection.
The knives of jealousy are honed on details.
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
It's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy.
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent.
I do not say anything from jealousy.
I like jealous men. I love jealousy. I do.
There tends to be a jealousy in England towards countries that are successful.
Jealousy is love bed of burning snarl.
I don't get jealousy, I don't get how people hate each other - I never did.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Information is not knowledge.
Knowledge of what is does not open the door directly to what should be.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Knowledge is love and light and vision.
Knowledge is knowing that we cannot know.
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge.
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance.
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.
Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Knowledge is true opinion.
Doubt grows with knowledge.
We know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Where is all the knowledge we lost with information?
Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.
I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity.
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.
The true method of knowledge is experiment.
The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance.
Knowledge is power only if man knows what facts not to bother with.
I had therefore to remove knowledge, in order to make room for belief.
Without knowledge action is useless and knowledge without action is futile.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Evil being the root of mystery, pain is the root of knowledge.
It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge.
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
Every addition to true knowledge is an addition to human power.
Knowledge is the life of the mind.
Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul.
To acquire knowledge, one must study but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Never stop learning knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
The knowledge of yourself will preserve you from vanity.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
A man of knowledge lives by acting, not by thinking about acting.
I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth.
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.
Knowledge is soon changed, then lost in the mist, an echo half-heard.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
Beware of false knowledge it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
All men by nature desire knowledge.
The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Knowledge cultivates your seeds and does not sow in your seeds.
Knowledge is power.
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
The first step in a person's salvation is knowledge of their sin.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
Ardor, n. The quality that distinguishes love without knowledge.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one's being.
Where knowledge ends, religion begins.
The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
Knowledge slowly builds up what Ignorance in an hour pulls down.
He that hath knowledge spareth his words.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle.
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge that begins with experience.
Knowledge and human power are synonymous.
Knowledge without education is but armed injustice.
Science is the father of knowledge, but opinion breeds ignorance.
There is no desire more natural than the desire for knowledge.
Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Our knowledge is a little island in a great ocean of nonknowledge.
In expanding the field of knowledge we but increase the horizon of ignorance.
The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.
Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness.
Only divine love bestows the keys of knowledge.
The only fence against the world is a thorough knowledge of it.
The utmost extent of man's knowledge, is to know that he knows nothing.
Zeal will do more than knowledge.
Wonder is the desire for knowledge.
His ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge.
How dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in the truth.
Your knowledge of what is going on can only be superficial and relative.
In your thirst for knowledge, be sure not to drown in all the information.
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves.
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
Knowledge is the treasure of a wise man.
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do.
True knowledge lies in knowing how to live.
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.
Discussion is an exchange of knowledge an argument an exchange of ignorance.
Research is creating new knowledge.
The knowledge I have now is not the knowledge I had then.
Knowledge is only one half. Faith is the other.
Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge.
Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved.
Our knowledge is a receding mirage in an expanding desert of ignorance.
Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
Knowledge fills a large brain it merely inflates a small one.
The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
Knowledge shrinks as wisdom grows.
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Science is organized knowledge.
Knowledge is not skill. Knowledge plus ten thousand times is skill.
You can acquire a lot of knowledge without ever going to school.
The greatest sin is judgment without knowledge.
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
The best theology is rather a divine life than a divine knowledge.
All human knowledge takes the form of interpretation.
Eddie Van HalenIn complete darkness, it is only knowledge and wisdom that separates us.Knowledge is an unending adventure at the edge of uncertainty.Scientific knowledge is a kind of discourse.The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.Knowledge is power, if you know it about the right person.You should not ask questions without knowledge.Lack of knowledge... that is the problem.The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.Knowledge is a weapon. I intend to be formidably armed.The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.Fine art is knowledge made visible.An excessive knowledge of Marxism is a sign of a misspent youth.Mediocre men often have the most acquired knowledge.Human dignity is better served by embracing knowledge.You can practice to attain knowledge, but you can't practice to attain wisdom.Technical knowledge has now become an integral aspect of the Iranian psyche.Gael Garcia Bernal
More students have a better knowledge of pop culture than of the Constitution.
Always, through my whole life, I've had a thirst for knowledge.
As a species we are always hungry for new knowledge.
That knowledge which is popular is not scientific.
My knowledge of video games ends with Nintendo 'Mario Bros."
Poverty and lack of knowledge must be challenged.
The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Thought is the wind and knowledge the sail.
Knowledge is the prime need of the hour.
Now, my knowledge of photography was terribly limited.
It is possible to fly without motors, but not without knowledge and skill.
Every job leaves its residue, a bit of extra knowledge, a new skill-set.
Your aim will be knowledge and wisdom, not the reflected glamour of fame.
The knowledge of the ancient languages is mainly a luxury.
If we would have new knowledge, we must get a whole world of new questions.
Knowledge once gained casts a light beyond its own immediate boundaries.
Knowledge is ancient error reflecting on its youth.
Everyone wants a hand in the outcome, a piece of the knowledge.
Knowledge is never too dear.
On our plane knowledge and ignorance are the immemorial adversaries.
I'm not a professional I lack even basic knowledge about writing music.
As far as knowledge goes I've come a long way.
The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
If I can give you some kind of knowledge of life you should listen.
Chess is not only knowledge and logic.
I and my colleagues here have been engaged in the pursuit of knowledge.
I don't keep my secrets or my knowledge to myself.
The first step towards knowledge is to know that we are ignorant.
Be ignorance thy choice, where knowledge leads to woe.
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
Management is doing things right leadership is doing the right things.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
Leadership - leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.
The cautious seldom err.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.
Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned.
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Example is leadership.
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.
If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully.
High expectations are the key to everything.
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better.
Leadership is influence.
Go as far as you can see when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level.
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision.
The real leader has no need to lead - he is content to point the way.
Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions.
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
In fair weather prepare for foul.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.
Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act.
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining.
Clarity affords focus.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves.
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.
Leaders grasp nettles.
You're only as good as the people you hire.
The great leaders have always stage-managed their effects.
Get the best people and train them well.
Every silver lining has a cloud.
Good enough never is.
Great companies in the way they work, start with great leaders.
Strong convictions precede great actions.
To succeed, one must be creative and persistent.
What helps people, helps business.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.
You have no power at all if you do not exercise constant power.
Whatever ought to be, can be.
The very exercise of leadership fosters capacity for it.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Character matters leadership descends from character.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
Charlatanism of some degree is indispensable to effective leadership.
Leadership does not depend on being right.
The only safe ship in a storm is leadership.
Leadership comes in small acts as well as bold strokes.
The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership.
Most people associate command and control leadership with the military.
Leadership is an ever-evolving position.
Leadership is about being a servant first.
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it.
We needed to go back on the offense and offer clear leadership on Iraq.
I recognize we will pay more attention when we have different leadership.
Education is the mother of leadership.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
We in the press, by our power, can actually undermine leadership.
I took a gamble to exercise leadership without losing my feminine nature.
I believe that in Europe, we have a collective leadership.
Every time you have to speak, you are auditioning for leadership.
In this nation, leadership is dollars.
Democrats have no agenda, no plan for the future, and no sense of leadership.
I believe it is time for new leadership that is able to leave the '70s behind.
I think our leadership team is a highly accountable leadership team.
Leadership is something I was born with.
I never saw myself as an individual who had any particular leadership powers.
The House Republican leadership has simply run out of ideas.
Leadership is the key to 99 percent of all successful efforts.
Different times need different types of leadership.
Preparing our city to achieve its destiny will require strong leadership.
Actions, not words, are the ultimate results of leadership.
I am convinced that your Mayor must take the leadership role in education too.
Leadership demands that we make tough choices.
We need leadership, and we need it now.
Music is all about leadership and there ain't really a lot of leaders.
The world is starving for original and decisive leadership.
People look for their leadership to lead.
This Congress is simply not doing its job under Republican leadership.
It's not as if our party has a leadership campaign underway.
Life isn't easy, and leadership is harder still.
Sport fosters many things that are good teamwork and leadership.
Leadership - mobilization toward a common goal.
Leadership must be established from the top down.
When a man assumes leadership, he forfeits the right to mercy.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
You cannot open a book without learning something.
Everything I learned I learned from the movies.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
I never learned from a man who agreed with me.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
It is what we know already that often prevents us from learning.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
I am still learning.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
In youth we learn in age we understand.
Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing.
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.
The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
Learning without thought is labor lost thought without learning is perilous.
No man ever prayed heartily without learning something.
It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone.
We do not learn and what we call learning is only a process of recollection.
I would fain grow old learning many things.
Wisdom is learning what to overlook.
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
If I am through learning, I am through.
As long as you live, keep learning how to live.
Not to unlearn what you have learned is the most necessary kind of learning.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.
The least of the work of learning is done in the classroom.
A University should be a place of light, of liberty, and of learning.
Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers.
The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all.
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
Much learning does not teach understanding.
Men of polite learning and a liberal education.
Learning hath gained most by those books by which the printers have lost.
Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety.
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
You aren't learning anything when you're talking.
Learning is its own exceeding great reward.
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
A happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning.
One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.
Learning how to operate a soul figures to take time.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances.
I think you're working and learning until you die.
I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing.
No, I'm no enemy to learning it hurts not me.
Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous?
I never found accents difficult, after learning languages.
Justice turns the scale, bringing to some learning through suffering.
Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail.
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.
Learning to play with a big amplifier is like trying to control an elephant.
Let ignorance talk as it will, learning has its value.
It's only through listening that you learn, and I never want to stop learning.
Never stop learning knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
This life is a process of learning.
I hit a ball for a living, but I have that passion to keep learning.
Dianne FeinsteinKindness has converted more sinners than zeal, eloquence, or learning.Learning is pleasurable but doing is the height of enjoyment.Smatterers in learning are the most opinionated.I may be learning guitar, but I'll never be able to sing.It's a weird sensation to be mad and learning at the same time.We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.When you are learning about a martial art, it is about respect.I think people are learning to actually aspire to be objectified.I love learning new techniques.Just learning that you have MS is such a devastating shock.Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival.I was studying for the SAT's and learning lines.Producing is just a big learning experience.I had learning disabilities, and I couldn't express myself in the written word.I'm still learning, you know. At 80, I feel there is a lot I don't know.There's no way I can justify my salary level, but I'm learning to live with it.For me, art is about learning and about living with people. It's alive.My learning process is by eye alone it's not at all scientific.Books have led some to learning and others to madness.There is no royal road to learning no short cut to the acquirement of any art.Learning to speak was the most remarkable thing you ever did.I grow old learning something new every day.I'm learning to accept the lack of privacy as the real downer in my profession.To be proud of learning is the greatest ignorance.You never stop learning. If you have a teacher, you never stop being a student.I love nature and enjoy learning new skills.I spend a lot of time learning about bird watching.
There's no learning without trying lots of ideas and failing lots of times.
Teaching is the royal road to learning.
I like learning new stuff, and continuing to educate myself as best I can.
Learning is a tunnel experience that makes us think more broadly.
Life is about learning when you stop learning, you die.
You keep learning all the time.
I don't think I've ever been moulded but I think I am always learning.
I'm passionate about learning. I'm passionate about life.
I'm writing a book and working on my one-woman show, Learning To Be Human.
I'm nearing the end of the road and still learning.
It's not the teaching, it's the learning.
Learning how to improvise really awakened my interest in music.
The learning curve is 'The Hobbit' is being shot in 3D.
It's not like learning how to hit a curve ball in baseball.
Recipes tell you nothing. Learning techniques is the key.
Directors who turn into big babies and shut out criticism stop learning.
I've been learning martial arts since I was 8 years old.
I can't sit down long enough to absorb any kind of learning.
Being a geek is all about learning the inventories of things.
The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging.
And where does magic come from? I think that magic's in the learning.
I'm learning Spanish - I got Rosetta Stone for Christmas.
You have to grow thick skin and that only comes with time and learning.
I am learning to forgive my inner geek, and even value him as a free man.
The trick in life is learning how to deal with it.
If you desire ease, forsake learning.
The world of learning is so broad, and the human soul is so limited in power!
I'm still learning my craft.
Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.
People mature at different stages and I feel I'm learning a lot.
The learning process continues until the day you die.
Every picture has been a learning opportunity for me.
A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad.
The best part of making the movies... learning from the pros themselves.
The failures and successes are necessary for learning.
I've grown a lot, and I'm learning every week.
There is a lot of learning I have to do and a lot of growing up I have to do.
You only stop learning when you quit.
I've never stopped learning.
Rich people without wisdom and learning are but sheep with golden fleeces.
I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning.
Learning how to fly, for me, was so euphoric.
You have to learn and keep learning.
There is a learning quality in all of our shows.
Learning something new is fun.
I began learning the sportswriting business very early in life.
The laptop brings back a more seamless kind of learning.
I enjoy learning technical details.
I am still learning every day not to watch other people's careers and compare.
I hope I'm always learning something.
Our country has had a hard time learning that lesson with energy.
Well, until this very day, I'm still learning.
You see, that is it with music, you never stop learning.
Learning how to work and learning how to fail is important.
Writing is learning to say nothing, more cleverly each day.
The day you stop learning and creating must be the most boring day.
All the learning in the world cannot replace instinct.
Just keep learning from the role and not just go for the money.
I love learning, and I think that curiosity is a wonderful gift.
Medieval learning was really advanced.
Anytime you ride against the best in the world, it becomes a learning process.
Learning how to learn is life's most important skill.
I think it's so important to keep learning and keep your brain active.
In any of the arts, you never stop learning.
I think jazz is a wonderful learning tool.
I am dumb when it comes to learning dance steps.
I'm not a very good painter, but I'm learning a lot.
My entire learning process is slow, because I have no visual memory.
I want to keep learning, keep exploring, keep doing more.
I'm still learning, and that's what life is about.
I'm learning to embrace who I am and what I look like.
Art in the classroom not only spurs creativity, it also inspires learning.
Learning starts with failure the first failure is the beginning of education.
Learning lines is my biggest challenge.
Belief gets in the way of learning.
Learning teacheth more in one year than experience in twenty.
I want to direct, produce, and write, learning as I go.
Everything is a learning experience.
I love learning new things that will never be put to practical use.
Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century.
Tommy DavidsonFilm, for me, has been a process of learning on the job.I like doing accents and I like learning as much as I can learn.I like to start out each day from the beginning. I'm always learning things.Always keep learning. It keeps you young.We'll go back to the moon by not learning anything new.When house and land are gone and spent, then learning is most excellent.I just want to keep learning.Responsibility for learning belongs to the student, regardless of age.Playing golf is like learning a foreign language.Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery.A successful lawsuit is the one worn by a policeman.Make crime pay. Become a lawyer.Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer.The more laws, the less justice.Lawsuit: A machine which you go into as a pig and come out of as a sausage.In law, nothing is certain but the expense.Advertising is legalized lying.Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character.A lean compromise is better than a fat lawsuit.The trouble with law is lawyers.Justice delayed is justice denied.Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.It is legal because I wish it.Deceive not thy physician, confessor, nor lawyer.You can't learn everything you need to know legally.Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished.I'm trusting in the Lord and a good lawyer.Where there is a will there is a lawsuit.Lawyers spend a great deal of their time shoveling smoke.I have a different approach. I don't file lawsuits because I really don't care.Misery is the company of lawsuits.People do not win people fights. Lawyers do.The events of the day inspired me to become a lawyer.If somebody invented cigarettes today, the government would not legalize them.A good lawyer is a bad Christian.Ignorance of the law excuses no man from practicing it.The law has no compassion. And justice is administered without compassion.Lawyers are the first refuge of the incompetent.The good lawyer is the great salesman.To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.As a private lawyer, I could bill $750 an hour, but I don't.I wouldn't pretend to tell you we don't pay our lawyers well.As a rule lawyers tend to want to do whatever they can to win.I decided I wanted to be a lawyer when I was 11 years of age.As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.It is impossible to tell where the law stops and justice begins.A lawyer who does not know men is handicapped.They don't need a lawyer, they need a toastmaster.I never saw a lawyer yet who would admit he was making money.From your confessor, lawyer and physician, hide not your case on no condition.Never forget that everything Hitler did in Germany was legal.Gambling is legal and betting is legal, for what I bet.Like all other law-abiding Americans, I fully support legal immigration.However, there is no legal and legitimate state called Israel.I do not believe abortion should be legal.Anybody who thinks talk is cheap should get some legal advice.You can't solve a problem as complex as inequality in one legal clause.We've got fifty people at Gitmo that are too dangerous to be let go that will"
Lindsey Graham
The legal system in Afghanistan is very immature and porous.
Farming with live animals is a 7 day a week, legal form of slavery.
Legal abortion will never rest easy on this nation's conscience.
I write in longhand on yellow legal pads.
I support making sure that there are legal protects for everyone.
Let's create a legal system that can work.
God is the King. In him exists all legal authority.
My dream is to reform the legal system over the next 20 years.
The only people that should vote should be legal.
The legal battle against segregation is won, but the community battle goes on.
I support legal immigration.
Supercookies are legal, but I don't think they should be.
People talk of me as being the inventor of the legal thriller.
I hope gay marriage will be legal in every state.
I'm not a lawyer, and maybe I should have used more specific legal language.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Don't go through life, grow through life.
Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
My life is my message.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
I love life because what more is there?
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Life loves the liver of it.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.
I do not regret one moment of my life.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Everything in life is luck.
With the past, I have nothing to do nor with the future. I live now.
Life consists in what a man is thinking of all day.
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
May you live all the days of your life.
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
Life in abundance comes only through great love.
What is important in life is life, and not the result of life.
An aim in life is the only fortune worth finding.
While there's life, there's hope.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
Life must be lived as play.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life.
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
To change ones life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.
This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can.
The greatest pleasure of life is love.
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
While we are postponing, life speeds by.
There is just one life for each of us: our own.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link, and life is after all a chain.
Life is never easy for those who dream.
Life is too short to work so hard.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life.
Life well spent is long.
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
Life will always be to a large extent what we ourselves make it.
Life is wasted on the living.
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed.
There is no wealth but life.
Life is largely a matter of expectation.
Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.
I take a simple view of life. It is keep your eyes open and get on with it.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner.
I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
The man who has no inner-life is a slave to his surroundings.
Wrong life cannot be lived rightly.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it.
My life is every moment of my life. It is not a culmination of the past.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning.
To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.
Our entire life - consists ultimately in accepting ourselves as we are.
To know nothing is the happiest life.
To be free is to have achieved your life.
Variety's the very spice of life, That gives it all its flavor.
You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.
Life is but thought.
Life itself is the proper binge.
The less routine the more life.
Life is much shorter than I imagined it to be.
What we play is life.
Life is made up of sobs, sniffles, and smiles, with sniffles predominating.
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.
The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century.
Life has a higher end, than to be amused.
The person lives twice who lives the first life well.
Unrest of spirit is a mark of life.
Life itself still remains a very effective therapist.
Life is a lot like jazz... it's best when you improvise.
I have inspiration and feelings of being alive most every day I live.
I had no blood relatives till I made some.
Where there is love there is life.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it.
Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.
Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid.
Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
Each person must live their life as a model for others.
You change your life by changing your heart.
Life stands before me like an eternal spring with new and brilliant clothes.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
Life is as tedious as twice-told tale, vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man.
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Life is hard it's harder if you're stupid.
There is a very fine line between loving life and being greedy for it.
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.'
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
I have spent many years of my life in opposition, and I rather like the role.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
We have the duty to protect the life of an unborn child.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
I put all my genius into my life I put only my talent into my works.
I'm so glad I never feel important, it does complicate life!
One's real life is so often the life that one does not lead.
Education is not preparation for life education is life itself.
I bear a charmed life.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
In married life three is company and two none.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
I want to live my life so that my nights are not full of regrets.
This is the strangest life I've ever known.
Old age is just a record of one's whole life.
To be able to look back upon ones life in satisfaction, is to live twice.
I need drama in my life to keep making music.
To lengthen thy life, lessen thy meals.
Life without liberty is like a body without spirit.
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
If we don't know life, how can we know death?
Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Children are the anchors of a mother's life.
Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?
As soon as there is life there is danger.
It is best to rise from life as from a banquet, neither thirsty nor drunken.
Life is not fair get used to it.
Art is the proper task of life.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Dreams are necessary to life.
Our life is frittered away by detail... simplify, simplify.
Sometimes I feel my whole life has been one big rejection.
Thug Life to me is dead.
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
The lie is a condition of life.
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
The only way to enjoy anything in this life is to earn it first.
Never separate the life you live from the words you speak.
I'm back to doing everything I used to, loving life as ever.
The quality of life is more important than life itself.
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat.
Live the life you've dreamed.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.
The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
Above our life we love a steadfast friend.
Children make your life important.
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.
Home life is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo.
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
When you step on the brakes your life is in your foot's hands.
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves.
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
At times in my life the only place I have been happy is when I am on stage.
What you get is a living, what you give is a life.
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.
It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.
Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children.
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized.
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Life is just one damned thing after another.
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Polygamy: An endeavour to get more out of life than there is in it.
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life.
Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
It is normal to give away a little of one's life in order not to lose it all.
Life all comes down to a few moments. This is one of them.
I like people that enjoy life, 'cause I do the same.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
In life you need either inspiration or desperation.
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
You must pass your days in song. Let your whole life be a song.
A bachelor's life is a fine breakfast, a flat lunch, and a miserable dinner.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible.
Life is lived on the edge.
Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others.
You are doomed to make choices. This is life's greatest paradox.
Find ecstasy in life the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.
Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.
I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath.
As we advance in life we learn the limits of our abilities.
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
It is a common saying, and in everybody's mouth, that life is but a sojourn.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Where there is love there is life.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
Do all things with love.
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
The best proof of love is trust.
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
Alfred Lord TennysonEverything is clearer when you're in love.The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.Who, being loved, is poor?Love is a game that two can play and both win.For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.The giving of love is an education in itself.All mankind love a lover.If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.The art of love is largely the art of persistence.Love is a friendship set to music.There is no remedy for love but to love more.If you want to be loved, be lovable.Love is the beauty of the soul.Love possesses not nor will it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I."
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.
Love does not dominate it cultivates.
Only do what your heart tells you.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
Love is being stupid together.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
When love is not madness, it is not love.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
Absence - that common cure of love.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Love is supreme and unconditional like is nice but limited.
Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
There is a woman at the begining of all great things.
Love knows not distance it hath no continent its eyes are for the stars.
The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.
The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving.
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
If you wished to be loved, love.
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
Love shall be our token love be yours and love be mine.
He is not a lover who does not love forever.
Love is the hardest habit to break, and the most difficult to satisfy.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
Choose your love, Love your choice.
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods.
Love means to commit yourself without guarantee.
Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow thee.
The way to know life is to love many things.
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
Love is suffering. One side always loves more.
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Love looks through a telescope envy, through a microscope.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
There are never enough I Love You's.
Love is always being given where it is not required.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Love means to love that which is unlovable or it is no virtue at all.
People who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy.
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
In every living thing there is the desire for love.
For love is immortality.
We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.
Love conquers all.
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man.
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.
If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.
Take away love and our earth is a tomb.
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
Do you have to have a reason for loving?
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.
The quarrels of lovers are the renewal of love.
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.
He who loves, flies, runs, and rejoices he is free and nothing holds him back.
Love is the only gold.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one's neighbor.
Though lovers be lost love shall not.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.
Love means not ever having to say you're sorry.
There is no limit to the power of loving.
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery.
There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved.
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
Love is like a faucet, it turns off and on.
More than kisses, letters mingle souls.
Love is metaphysical gravity.
There is room in the smallest cottage for a happy loving pair.
Who loves, raves.
With our love, we could save the world.
Pains of love be sweeter far than all other pleasures are.
To good and true love fear is forever affixed.
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
Ultimately love is everything.
True love is quiescent, except in the nascent moments of true humility.
You don't have to go looking for love when it's where you come from.
It is very easy to love alone.
Who so loves believes the impossible.
Only divine love bestows the keys of knowledge.
The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.
Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret.
All love is vanquished by a succeeding love.
We can only learn to love by loving.
We are most alive when we're in love.
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?
Love is an energy which exists of itself. It is its own value.
In love there are two things - bodies and words.
We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.
I long for the raised voice, the howl of rage or love.
Love is love's reward.
But love's a malady without a cure.
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law.
Love is blind.
Oh, love will make a dog howl in rhyme.
Love is a hole in the heart.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
One must not trifle with love.
All love is lost but upon God alone.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
To love beauty is to see light.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.
If music be the food of love, play on.
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love this is the eternal rule.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
At the center of non-violence stands the principle of love.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love it is the prerogative of the brave.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
People love chopping wood. In this activity one immediately sees results.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
I love mirrors. They let one pass through the surface of things.
Absence from those we love is self from self - a deadly banishment.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
Forgiveness is the final form of love.
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
The first duty of love is to listen.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.
Love is a serious mental disease.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
I love life because what more is there?
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
Knowledge is love and light and vision.
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
We can't command our love, but we can our actions.
Politics is such a torment that I advise everyone I love not to mix with it.
Speak low, if you speak love.
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.
Love is blind friendship closes its eyes.
Love is too young to know what conscience is.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
A friendship that like love is warm A love like friendship, steady.
Respect is what we owe love, what we give.
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds.
Where love is, there God is also.
All you need is love.
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
Love cannot save you from your own fate.
If we love our country, we should also love our countrymen.
They do not love that do not show their love.
Those whom the gods love grow young.
Love is trembling happiness.
Love and doubt have never been on speaking terms.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
One is very crazy when in love.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
What do I care about the purring of one who cannot love, like the cat?
I love a natural look in pictures.
Someday I want to have children and give them all the love I never had.
I love those who do not know how to live for today.
Love is not consolation. It is light.
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil.
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
A woman in love can't be reasonable - or she probably wouldn't be in love.
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
Those whom we can love, we can hate to others we are indifferent.
You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.
I love the attention but I don't like too much of it.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
A poet never takes notes. You never take notes in a love affair.
The perfect love affair is one which is conducted entirely by post.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
Life in abundance comes only through great love.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life.
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.
May we so love as never to have occasion to repent of our love!
You either love or you hate. You live in the middle, you get nothing.
You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.
It is most unwise for people in love to marry.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Oh, the tiger will love you. There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair.
The love of economy is the root of all virtue.
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache.
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Don't forget to love yourself.
We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it.
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.
Sex without love is merely healthy exercise.
Love always creates, it never destroys. In this lie's man's only promise.
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
Man is an idea, and a precious small idea once he turns his back on love.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Give a child love, laughter and peace, not AIDS.
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Hate is only a form love that hasn't found a way to express itself logically.
No one is a friend to his friend who does not love in return.
It is not love that should be depicted as blind, but self-love.
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
We're not raising children with the love that we need to.
Love is the ultimate theme, but it's not just for women.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
My number one goal is to love, support and be there for my son.
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.
I love being black in America, and especially being black in Hollywood.
Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere.
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
Look your best - who said love is blind?
The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.
Girls we love for what they are young men for what they promise to be.
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
I love romance. I'm a sucker for it. I love it so much. It's pathetic.
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
True love stories never have endings.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
Depression is when you have lots of love, but no one's taking.
We do not judge the people we love.
Grief is the price we pay for love.
He that is jealous is not in love.
Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.
Absences are a good influence in love and keep it bright and delicate.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
Music is what I breath, what I love to do. It keeps me alive.
Passion is momentary love is enduring.
I love you more than my own skin.
First and last, what is demanded of genius is love of truth.
Love can do much, but duty more.
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun.
In art as in love, instinct is enough.
The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity in a girl boldness.
I've only been in love with a beer bottle and a mirror.
I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Adultery is the application of democracy to love.
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.
I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
I love bringing roses to a woman when she least expects it.
Love and work... work and love, that's all there is.
I'll come and make love to you at five o'clock. If I'm late start without me.
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
Above our life we love a steadfast friend.
So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
Falling out of love is chiefly a matter of forgetting how charming someone is.
If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us.
You don't have to love them. You just have to respect their rights.
True love doesn't come to you it has to be inside you.
Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love.
Love never dies of starvation, but often of indigestion.
Love is an endless mystery, for it has nothing else to explain it.
There is nothing I love as much as a good fight.
Everyone got kind of crazy with me mentioning I was in love with a woman.
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
People everywhere love Windows.
You don't walk away if you love someone. You help the person.
I love to hit people. I love to.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Love is friendship set on fire.
Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain.
Love is the river of life in the world.
The love that lasts longest is the love that is never returned.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
He who does not love his own language is worse than an animal and smelly fish.
When people are lame, they love to blame.
A James Cagney love scene is one where he lets the other guy live.
If love is the treasure, laughter is the key.
Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself.
We pardon to the extent that we love.
This love is silent.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
Romance is tempestuous. Love is calm.
Where love is concerned, too much is not even enough.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
I did not just fall in love. I made a parachute jump.
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband.
Marriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
If I get married, I want to be very married.
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.
A dress that zips up the back will bring a husband and wife together.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.
All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
He's the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife.
Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does.
A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt every day.
Marrying an old bachelor is like buying second-hand furniture.
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Well married a person has wings, poorly married shackles.
Marriage is a series of desperate arguments people feel passionately about.
Bachelors have consciences, married men have wives.
It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.
A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing.
There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin.
The true index of a man's character is the health of his wife.
A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers.
Marriage is a bribe to make the housekeeper think she's a householder.
A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
A husband is what is left of a lover, after the nerve has been extracted.
Marriage is nature's way of keeping us from fighting with strangers.
Marriage should be a duet - when one sings, the other claps.
Marriage is a wonderful invention: then again, so is a bicycle repair kit.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Love is often the fruit of marriage.
Plant and your spouse plants with you weed and you weed alone.
Marriage, a market which has nothing free but the entrance.
They dream in courtship, but in wedlock wake.
The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.
Marriage is a feast where the grace is sometimes better than the dinner.
She's been married so many times she has rice marks on her face.
Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.
Marriage is not about age it's about finding the right person.
Marriage: A word which should be pronounced 'mirage'.
When I get married, it'll be no secret.
When you have a baby, love is automatic, when you get married, love is earned.
I like getting married, but I don't like being married.
Married people from my generation are like an endangered species!
I enjoy being single, but I loved being married.
Marriage, it seems, confines every man to his proper rank.
Marriage is a gamble, let's be honest.
It's not always been a happy marriage. I guess I wanted a quick fix.
When a marriage works, nothing on earth can take its place.
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Marriage is a mistake every man should make.
Is there a doctor in the house? My parents want me to marry you.
If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
The critical period of matrimony is breakfast-time.
Marriage is an exercise in torture.
Quarrels often arise in marriages when the bridal gifts are excessive.
I might be celibate, but I appreciate the wonder of the sacrament of marriage.
The only good husbands stay bachelors: They're too considerate to get married.
One was never married, and that's his hell another is, and that's his plague.
I married beneath me, all women do.
I wanted to marry a girl just like my mom.
Marriage is a financial contract I have enough contracts already.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth.
Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage.
Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men.
Marriage is like life - it is a field of battle, not a bed of roses.
I don't think that a same-sex marriage is the way God intended it to be.
I think that gay marriage should be between a man and a woman.
I'm not for gay marriage, but I'm not for discriminating against people.
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
Marriage is one long conversation, chequered by disputes.
Marriage is the death of hope.
Marriage is a great institution.
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
Not cohabitation but consensus constitutes marriage.
Marriage must be a relation either of sympathy or of conquest.
More belongs to marriage than four legs in a bed.
I like marriage. The idea.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
Marriage changes everything.
Books and marriage go ill together.
Our Nation must defend the sanctity of marriage.
A sense of humor is great - it goes a long, long way in a marriage.
Pink Floyd is like a marriage that's on a permanent trial separation.
Courtship is to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.
A liberated woman is one who has sex before marriage and a job after.
Gay marriage is going to happen. It must.
I believe a marriage is between a man and a woman.
I love the concept of togetherness and the entwinement of marriage.
Marriage is the tomb of love.
I am against marriage, and I don't give a fig for society.
Sometimes I bust out and do things so permanent. Like tattoos and marriage.
Marriage is wonderful.
Art is a marriage of the conscious and the unconscious.
I don't see any reason for marriage when there is divorce.
Never stay in a bad marriage, and don't hang around with psycho coke fiends.
Sticking with a marriage. That's true grit, man.
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.
I love marriage.
I was against gay marriage until I realized I didn't have to get one.
Love, the quest marriage, the conquest divorce, the inquest.
I come from divorce. I'm only doing marriage once. It's not a game for me.
Marriage is the miracle that transforms a kiss from a pleasure into a duty.
Marriage is socialism among two people.
Have you ever heard of a good marriage growing in front of the cameras?
I'll always be sad that my marriage ended.
Marriage is obsolete and a trap.
It was a perfect marriage. She didn't want to and he couldn't.
Divorce these days is a religious vow, as if the proper offspring of marriage.
After marriage, the other man's wife looks more beautiful.
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam.
I don't know why someone else's marriage has anything to do with me.
I'm completely comfortable with gay marriage.
Love before marriage is absolutely necessary.
Our marriage is strictly in name only. It has never been consummated.
You know, I believe that marriage is between a man and a woman.
Right now, I'm not really thinking about marriage.
Marriage has just never interested me.
I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy.
Marriage feels like an industry with catering and really expensive bands.
A marriage doesn't have to be perfect, but you can be perfect for each other.
To me marriage is for five or ten years.
My thoughts are that marriage is between a man and a woman.
Marriage is actually really terrifying. It doesn't work for many people.
A good marriage is different to a happy marriage.
I couldn't bear a marriage in which one partner hinges on the other.
I've always been clear, I support the traditional definition of marriage.
Marriage requires a special talent, like acting. Monogamy requires genius.
Marriage! Nothing else demands so much of a man.
Marriage is gonna be your stability through everything.
Accident counts for as much in companionship as in marriage.
I wanted my marriage to work, but it didn't.
I think marriage and athletes is a bad combination.
I'm more afraid of marriage than death.
It takes two to make a marriage a success and only one to make it a failure.
Anything outside marriage seems like freedom and excitement.
My father was very big on marriage.
One doesn't have to get anywhere in a marriage. It's not a public conveyance.
I'm all for same-sex marriage.
Nobody ever asks a father how he manages to combine marriage and a career.
Marriage can be viewed as the waiting room for death.
There is no loneliness like that of a failed marriage.
Marriage equality changed life for people.
Marriage is like wine. It is not be properly judged until the second glass.
Marriage is a religious and state issue.
I've had two terrific relationships, but both ended in marriage.
Marriage is like paying an endless visit in your worst clothes.
I love the institution of marriage, and I love my marriage.
Marriage is hard work, period.
Most Americans don't care about gay marriage.
I believe in traditional marriage.
A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one.
Marriage hasn't been my thing. But gay people, knock yourselves out!
It's so easy to grow apart marriage takes work.
Marriage is an institution, and you must be fully committed to it.
I don't know if I'm built for marriage.
Sometimes divorce is better than marriage.
The marriage didn't work out but the separation is great.
Traditional marriage is what should be sanctioned.
I have a lot of respect for marriage.
This marriage is no one's business but our own.
In marriage, compromise nurtures the relationship.
The truth is you can have a great marriage, but there are still no guarantees.
God invented concubinage, satan marriage.
You know, there were major problems in my marriage.
I've always been wary of marriage.
Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
I think marriage is ghastly.
Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once.
You have to work for everything. Marriage should not be any different.
My second marriage had a lot to do with alcohol.
A successful marriage isn't necessarily one that lasts until you're dead.
I ran to my marriage, I was happily ready to take on marriage.
The weaker partner in a marriage is the one who loves the most.
Marriage is like a formality for me.
No, I think marriage is a great thing.
I know that the odds are against a marriage lasting 60 years.
I'm not a marriage expert, quite clearly.
I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.
I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage.
I'm a heathen when it comes to marriage.
I still believe in marriage.
Isn't that the ultimate homeland security, standing up and defending marriage?
Marriage gives you a new respect for a person.
I prepare myself for rehearsals like I would for marriage.
What is marriage but prostitution to one man instead of many?
Marriage ain't easy, but it's great most of the time.
To me, marriage is partly a religious thing and I'm not religious.
What is fascinating about marriage is why anyone wants to get married.
Marriage is an institution and that's where a couple finish up.
No person connected with me by blood or marriage will be appointed to office.
I think that, as with marriage, you just know when it's time to have kids.
Marriage is a team effort. Both of us share that philosophy.
If it's not working before you get married, marriage isn't going to fix it.
Same-sex marriage is not the future.
Marriage isn't a carnival ride.
I was just so lucky to have a wonderful life after a tough marriage.
I definitely believe in marriage.
Out of control judicial activism threatens traditional marriage in America.
I have married thriteen couples. I'm about to do a marriage next month.
Obama's position on marriage is brazenly cynical.
The biggest surprise about our marriage is that Erin was out there.
I'm not really interested in thinking about marriage or kids at all.
Marriage takes work - it doesn't just happen.
I think gay marriage should be the national law.
Good production is like a beautiful marriage. It makes a happy home.
I believe in the sanctity of marriage.
I don't think he cheated on me. During the marriage, I think he was there.
I have a very intense marriage.
I do not support a constitutional amendment to prohibit gay marriage.
Marriage has historically been in the domain of the States to regulate.
I've always believed the two best anti-poverty programs are work and marriage.
I feel strongly for gay marriage to be accepted.
Marriage is the grave or tomb of wit.
I think that every state in the union should recognize same-sex marriage.
Stability is why society has an interest in marriage.
College is a place to keep warm between high school and an early marriage.
I'd love to have children, and I think marriage is great, I really do.
To us marriage is first, everything else is second.
I have a wonderful marriage and two great kids.
No marriage can stand up under the strain of incessant association.
I have no useful theories about love and marriage.
Marriage, if one will face the truth, is an evil, but a necessary evil.
My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment.
It won't take 40 years for opposition to same-sex marriage to dissipate.
I had only two offers of marriage in my life, and I refused both.
I've never understood what the upside of marriage would be for me personally.
I love being in a relationship, but marriage isn't for me.
Marriage is important to me and I love the idea of being married.
I only gave out my opinion that same sex marriage is against the law of God.
I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating.
You can't have a happy family if you don't have a happy marriage.
I don't particularly think marriage is a sane thing.
Marriage, like death, is a debt we owe to nature.
And my marriage was perfect when I wasn't famous.
I hope gay marriage will be legal in every state.
Marriage, even the best marriages are tough.
I left my marriage knowing I'd have to work. I have.
Marriage: love, honor, and negotiate.
I am a firm believer in marriage. In the future I will be married.
Other than marriage, she doesn't control me and I don't control her.
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
They certainly give very strange names to diseases.
When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother.
Whenever a doctor cannot do good, he must be kept from doing harm.
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find.
Time is generally the best doctor.
Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.
The doctors x-rayed my head and found nothing.
You can die of the cure before you die of the illness.
People are so afraid of authority figures and doctors are authority figures.
Passion, you see, can be destroyed by a doctor. It cannot be created.
Honestly, being a doctor could make you more close minded than regular people.
The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness.
Medical debts are the number-one cause of bankruptcy in America.
Only medical hypnosis is capable of opening up amnesia.
Medical physics is an applied area of physics.
I am sure that I have been much more useful to society as a medical physicist.
I'm a medical doctor and a biomedical scientist.
I wanted to go to medical school. But, I never got a college scholarship.
Drug abuse is a medical disease that requires medical professionals.
Americans of all ages deserve quality end-of-life medical care.
To make a coverage decision, doesn't one have to make a medical judgment?
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.
Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
A man's kiss is his signature.
Men are born to succeed, not to fail.
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
I only have 'yes' men around me. Who needs 'no' men?
A bachelor is a guy who never made the same mistake once.
I only like two kinds of men, domestic and imported.
Honor is simply the morality of superior men.
Men must know their limitations.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
The truth is found when men are free to pursue it.
Men are more easily governed through their vices than through their virtues.
Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest.
Ella Wheeler WilcoxMen are only as good as their technical development allows them to be.Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.Women prefer to talk in twos, while men prefer to talk in threes.Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.Time destroys the speculation of men, but it confirms nature.Great men are seldom over-scrupulous in the arrangement of their attire.Men give away nothing so liberally as their advice.The first rule of business is: Do other men for they would do you.I am an agnostic I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of.By indignities men come to dignities.Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties.All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers.Men are not punished for their sins, but by them.Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them.The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.Nothing is as peevish and pedantic as men's judgments of one another.Men's arguments often prove nothing but their wishes.Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men.Men won't read any email from a woman that's over 200 words long.There would be no great men if there were no little ones.When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.Men aren't necessities. They're luxuries.Men and women have strengths that complement each other.Circumstances rule men men do not rule circumstances.Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens.Men should strive to think much and know little.Men tire themselves in pursuit of rest.Men often act knowingly against their interest.The less men think, the more they talk.Men tend to feel threatened women tend to feel guilty.Men, even when alone, lighten their labors by song, however rude it may be.Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.For tis not in mere death that men die most.Men do not fail they give up trying.Men are like sheep, of which a flock is more easily driven than a single one.I have always supported measures and principles and not men.Time takes away the grief of men.If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle.By nature, men love newfangledness.Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.Men may live fools, but fools they cannot die.Men have as exaggerated an idea of their rights as women have of their wrongs.Law describes the way things would work if men were angels.Men are different. When they are in love they may also have other girlfriends.Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much.All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.All men have an instinct for conflict: at least, all healthy men.We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.I have 20,000 girlfriends, all around the world.Men are actually the weaker sex.Either men will learn to live like brothers, or they will die like beasts.Men, who are rogues individually, are in the mass very honorable people.No gentleman ever discusses any relationship with a lady.Men are not against you they are merely for themselves.Culture makes all men gentle.When a man is no longer anxious to do better than well, he is done for.Truth sits upon the lips of dying men.You can't keep changing men, so you settle for changing your lipstick.Neutral men are the devil's allies.Stronger by weakness, wiser men become.Whenever ideas fail, men invent words.No nice men are good at getting taxis.That common cold of the male psyche, fear of commitment.The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.We have guided missiles and misguided men.Force always attracts men of low morality.To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face.Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.Men are what their mothers made them.Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty.Women may fall when there's no strength in men.Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.I have no ambition to govern men it is a painful and thankless office.It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good.Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them.Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land the great ones eat up the little ones.Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it.Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course.Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.But men are men the best sometimes forget.Content makes poor men rich discontent makes rich men poor.Men's vows are women's traitors!Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.Men shut their doors against a setting sun.Lord, Lord, how subject we old men are to this vice of lying!Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up.As long as you know men are like children, you know everything!The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.
All men by nature desire knowledge.
Observe all men, thyself most.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Bad men are full of repentance.
Nine men in ten are would be suicides.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Every actual State is corrupt. Good men must not obey laws too well.
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.
The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.
Good men must not obey the laws too well.
In every society some men are born to rule, and some to advise.
Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way.
All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence.
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.
How could man rejoice in victory and delight in the slaughter of men?
Friedrich NietzscheIgnorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.The truth is, I've never fooled anyone. I've let men sometimes fool themselves.When it comes to gossip, I have to readily admit men are as guilty as women.Girls shouldn't worry about being the equal of men in the business world.Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men.I've found men are less likely to let petty things annoy them.Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.
Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.
Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless.
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
Men have become the tools of their tools.
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
It is the most sensual men who need to flee women and torment their bodies.
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired.
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches.
Instead of noblemen, let us have noble villages of men.
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
Men have to do some awfully mean things to keep up their respectability.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Men are only as great as they are kind.
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive.
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
Death is not the worst that can happen to men.
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Culture: the cry of men in face of their destiny.
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.
Adversity causes some men to break others to break records.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.
Only free men can negotiate. A prisoner cannot enter into contracts.
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
The better I get to know men, the more I find myself loving dogs.
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.
When men speak ill of thee, live so as nobody may believe them.
Personally, I like two types of men - domestic and foreign.
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
Girls we love for what they are young men for what they promise to be.
Great hopes make great men.
Today is Valentine's Day - or, as men like to call it, Extortion Day!
Let men see, let them know, a real man, who lives as he was meant to live.
Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do.
Whatever deceives men seems to produce a magical enchantment.
States are as the men, they grow out of human characters.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
Men are moved by two levers only: fear and self interest.
All men are equal before fish.
All religions have been made by men.
Men are more moral than they think and far more immoral than they can imagine.
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times.
These are the times that try men's souls.
The only really happy folk are married women and single men.
Men are only as loyal as their options.
Men exist for the sake of one another.
Self-knowledge comes from knowing other men.
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
To the person with a firm purpose all men and things are servants.
Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences.
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.
What men value in this world is not rights but privileges.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
God appoints our graces to be nurses to other men's weaknesses.
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.
Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations.
You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men.
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.
Men cheat for the same reason that dogs lick their balls... because they can.
For evil to flourish, it only requires good men to do nothing.
When a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung.
Doing nothing is happiness for children and misery for old men.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Bachelors have consciences, married men have wives.
Books are not men and yet they stay alive.
Men are more prone to cheating, definitely.
Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it.
A dress makes no sense unless it inspires men to take it off of you.
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
I love all men who think, even those who think otherwise than myself.
More men die of jealousy than of cancer.
A government of laws, and not of men.
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.
Men take only their needs into consideration - never their abilities.
Men like me are impossible until the day when they become necessary.
Men become accustomed to poison by degrees.
Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.
Dreaming men are haunted men.
Half the pictures directed by men of reputation fail.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages.
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you.
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of.
God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer.
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
It was the men I deceived the most that I loved the most.
The real use of gunpowder is to make all men tall.
A lawyer with his briefcase can steal more than a hundred men with guns.
Landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed.
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
Dawn: When men of reason go to bed.
Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious.
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all that they can.
The latest research has revealed that women have a higher IQ than men.
My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.
It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow.
Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.
Men are governed by lines of intellect - women: by curves of emotion.
All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it.
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.
Two things control men's nature, instinct and experience.
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
Men despise religion. They hate it and are afraid it may be true.
The happiness and misery of men depend no less on temper than fortune.
Violence and arms can never resolve the problems of men.
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
Men's ideas are the most direct emanations of their material state.
The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother.
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men.
Some men never feel small, but these are the few men who are.
Make no little plans they have no magic to stir men's blood.
If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Men blaspheme what they do not know.
Produce great men, the rest follows.
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
Forgive, son men are men they needs must err.
Nothing doth more hurt in a state than that cunning men pass for wise.
Many men are contemptuous of riches few can give them away.
There are but very few men clever enough to know all the mischief they do.
All men of action are dreamers.
Justice consists in doing no injury to men decency in giving them no offense.
There are more men ennobled by study than by nature.
The worst men often give the best advice.
I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves.
It is easier to know men in general, than men in particular.
There is nothing men are so generous of as advice.
No men are oftener wrong than those that can least bear to be so.
We are all strong enough to bear other men's misfortunes.
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
Men die in despair, while spirits die in ecstasy.
We cannot learn men from books.
Men should be like Kleenex, soft, strong and disposable.
Men, their rights, and nothing more women, their rights, and nothing less.
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.
Either war is obsolete, or men are.
Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour.
Men should only believe half of what women say. But which half?
There is one thing women can never take away from men. We die sooner.
Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men.
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.
All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.
Study men, not historians.
Controversy equalizes fools and wise men - and the fools know it.
Men trust their ears less than their eyes.
Wine hath drowned more men than the sea.
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
Inconsistencies in men are generally testimony to their immaturity.
Strong women only marry weak men.
No man has any natural authority over his fellow men.
The most positive men are the most credulous.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
Men are what their mothers made them.
Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly.
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
My mother taught me to treat a lady respectfully.
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.
Being a mother is hard and it wasn't a subject I ever studied.
I'm a Mommy's Girl - the strongest influence in my young life was my mom.
Throughout my life, my mom has been the person that I've always looked up to.
What do girls do who haven't any mothers to help them through their troubles?
I was a brownie for a day. My mom made me stop. She didn't want me to conform.
Mothers are the necessity of invention.
Where there is a mother in the home, matters go well.
My mom always said that there would be haters. Not everyone can love ya.
My mother was a personal friend of God's. They had ongoing conversations.
I am no mother, and I won't be one.
Of all the roles I've played, none has been as fulfilling as being a mother.
Mothers don't let your daughters grow up to be models unless you're present.
A woman must combine the role of mother, wife and politician.
I am truly my mother's son.
My sisters and mom raised me to respect women and open doors for them.
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
Everyone checks out my mom. My mom's hot.
I want to be a cool mom.
Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well? The mother.
I want to be more successful as a mother than I am in show business.
Always it gave me a pang that my children had no lawful claim to a name.
I'm so happy and thankful I made it a point be a stay-at-home mom.
I'd lose my mind if I heard my kid call the nanny Mommy.
My parents, especially my mother, were no influence on me whatsoever.
My mother thinks I could have even run a larger company.
My mom taught us the Serenity Prayer at a young age.
The woman is uniformly sacrificed to the wife and mother.
I'm sure that my mom would have been happy with any path I chose.
Giving birth was easier than having a tattoo.
If my mom reads that I'm grammatically incorrect I'll have hell to pay.
If you ever become a mother, can I have one of the puppies?
My sisters and my mom, those people help me get through every single day.
I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.
My mom and I are very close.
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families.
And to this day, my Mom is my role model.
My mom was tough.
When I was really young, my mom enrolled me in dance classes.
I think my love of journalizing my life comes from my mom.
My mom wasn't a movie star.
I became a mom at 37 and having a child has been an emancipation for me.
My mom brought me up to believe that my talent is a gift and a blessing.
I always wanted to be a mom.
My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't.
I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser.
As a mom I know that raising children is the hardest job there is.
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends.
Being a mom has made me so tired. And so happy.
My father wasn't really involved and my mom is the light in my life.
My mom knows when something is real and something is not.
My dad is a Deadhead, my mom's a Jewish-American princess from Jersey.
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.
I want to be as healthy as I can because I'm a mom now.
I have so much respect for my mom and all the women across the world.
My mom knows pretty well how I see her.
My mom always says I cut my teeth on the church pew.
I'm really happy to be a mom, and I'm proud of the phase I'm in.
Mom ran the house, so we grew up Portuguese.
I know how to do anything, I'm a mom.
The 'believe' tattoo is because my mom always told me to believe.
My mom is very confident and she was always a role model of mine.
Growing up, my ideals were Barbra Streisand, Cher, and my mom.
My mom insisted on multigrain bread and never allowed soda in the house.
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me.
My mom's discipline worked out perfectly. I wouldn't change a thing.
My mom's never been married. I've never even seen my mom kiss a dude.
If you would ask my mom what books I liked growing up, I liked Dr. Seuss.
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.
Yes, I always remember my dad's, mom's and my grandma's perfumes.
Financial hardships were rough on us, even though Mom had a good job at G.M.
It's superfun being a mom, but it's hard too.
Being a mom is hard, I think a lot of working moms feel that way.
In Hollywood, you play a mom and instantly, you've got osteoporosis.
My mom is painfully sweet she's from Nebraska.
When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.
My Mom always cooked healthy. Greek food lends itself to cooking healthy.
I have a chaperone everywhere I go - my mom.
There is nothing I love more than my role as a mom.
I look up to my mom. She's a beautiful woman.
My mom was paranoid about my safety.
My mom drives me crazy sometimes, but I have a good relationship with her.
Mom would kill me if I showed my navel.
I want to be a loving mom.
I want to be a mom who listens.
I think because I became a mom later in life, everything in life means more.
My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office.
Being a mom makes me feel whole and like I understand the meaning of life.
I came from a broken home, so my mom was a major influence in my life.
My mom is definitely my rock.
My mom always said, 'Don't date a guy who thinks he's prettier than you.'
My mom was an actress in the local Seattle theater doing experimental plays.
Everything I am is because of my mom.
My nickname for my mom was 'The Compass.'
My mom listened to the Beatles and Elvis, a lot of different types of music.
I think I'm a really hands-on mom.
I love my mom and dad.
I slept with my mom until I was 16 years old.
It's always been my mom and I against the world.
Home is where my mom is.
Sinatra was just one of Mom's friends.
My mom is not trying to live vicariously through me.
My mom's a social worker, and my dad works in non-profit organisations.
My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends.
I want to be a fun mom. Not a gasping for air mom.
Every kid needs to say, 'I want what my mom and dad have.'
My mom obviously had a problem.
It's fun to play mom. Last I knew I was playing a 17-year-old who graduated.
I always say I am a realist, and my mom says, 'No, you just have anxiety.'
My mom was a great cook and great baker all her life.
Once you're a mom, always a mom. It's like riding a bike, you never forget.
My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control.
My mom took me to a Dolly Parton concert when I was 3.
One time my mom tried to ground me, but that lasted 15 minutes.
When you're sick, nobody takes care of you like your mom.
Before you're a mom you don't know what gear is going to be relevant.
My mom, she's still always there for me. Always.
I burnt myself out of skating. I was ready to focus on being a mom.
My mom's gonna be the biggest star - mark my words right now!
My mom taught me not to talk about money.
My mom is this liberal, feminist, Mormon powerhouse. I just love her to death.
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty.
I've always wanted to be a mom.
The one thing my mom will let me get is a nice shoe sometimes.
My mom won't let anyone treat me like a little princess.
My mom gives me an allowance. She keeps me pretty tight-reined.
I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman.
My mother was a single mom, and most of the women I know are strong.
I had always loved to write and my mom was my editor for my school papers.
My mom's a secret Rastafarian.
Mom thinks I live in this dream world where everybody's Ivana Trump.
Over the years my mom has become a self-taught Biblical scholar.
My mom used to tell me: 'It's not what you weigh it's what you look like.'
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day.
My mom was dying for me to write a book, she was my biggest advocate.
Once my mom passed away, I have nobody to answer to. It's great.
I love kids and children, and I love being a mom.
My mom is a sculptress.
I am blessed to have Mom and Dad.
My mom will make me walk the dogs or take out the trash when I go home.
I'm a nice, happily married wife and mom and I live in Connecticut.
My mom was a model. She had me at 20, so she was a young mother.
My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I.
I'm a full-time mom right now and a part-time actress.
I was a single mom that raised two bright, beautiful, and compassionate girls.
What mom cares about most is that I'm happy, healthy and enjoying my life.
I told my mom I would graduate. I owe that much to her and myself.
You know, I loved math. My mom was a math teacher.
My mom sang in high school choir and so did my father.
My mom was a '70s mom. She paved a road that no one had yet walked.
My mom was a saint. She taught me to be terminally nice.
My mom did costumes for the Pointer Sisters.
My mom died when I was 8.
I'm proud of what I look like. I'm proud that I look like my mom.
My mom put me in a Pampers commercial on TV.
There are lots of different ways for women to be a mom in this culture.
My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine.
There is nothing like becoming a mom to fill you with fear.
If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay.
I love playing moms. It's a lot easier than being a mom, I hear.
When I was 12 I cried to my mom, because I never got my letter to Hogwarts.
I'm like any working mom.
Becoming a mom made me more contentious about expressing my true taste.
My mom was definitely very strict with me.
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday.
I remember my mom dressed like Janis Joplin.
There are days when I wonder why my mom couldn't be here to see this.
My mom was onstage when she was pregnant with me.
I begged my mom to let me start skating.
I would make my mom buy me the toy doctor kit.
I wanted to marry a girl just like my mom.
When I came out of my mom's womb, I had 'sitcom' stamped on my forehead.
My mom doesn't get the whole gay thing, but she loves me.
I am a mom as well as a senator!
I always wanted to be a mom.
I would borrow my mom's red Borghese lipstick and smear it on like a clown!
My mom always made sure I lived my life as a regular kid.
My mother was predominately a stay-at-home mom.
I think my mom threatened to put me up for adoption a few times.
My mom grew up in Kansas, my dad in Indiana. They had boring childhoods.
It's impossible to put yourself first when you're a mom.
My dad's an architect and my mom owned a French bakery for twelve years.
I'm almost a full-time mom.
My mom is still yelling at me because she needs more autographed pictures.
But my mother and father were married when my mom was 20 and my dad was 24.
I was really lucky. My gal pal was my mom.
I'm a mom first, a singer second.
Mom worked with autistic children.
I used to do skits for my mom... and I was always entertaining as a kid.
When I was 10 years old my mom used to play Tupac while she cleaned the house.
My mom would have liked it that I patterned myself more after Jimmy Reed.
My mom's passionate and energetic and very funny and enthusiastic.
My whole life sort of ended when my mom died.
I love every second of being a mom.
My mom, Emilie, always taught me to think hard about marriage.
My mom put me in dance classes when I was 5 years old.
When I see my mom in the stands, it always pushes me to succeed.
My mom and I have always had issues.
I'm a mom first.
I'm a just a mom when I walk down the street.
My mom taught me how to make grilled chicken, and I bake, too.
I'm looking forward to being a mom and a wife and a business owner.
My mom and my stepdad are both therapists.
My mom is a constant in my life in so many ways.
I think there's a danger of a being typecast as the all-American mom forever.
Losing my mom at such a young age had a profound effect on my life.
My dad was Jewish. My mom is not. So I was not raised anything.
Oh, my mom. She's one of my biggest fans.
I usually travel with a lot of people, like my dad, mom and sisters.
My mom moved up between Leland and Greenville when I was just a little tot.
My mom introduced me to science-fiction.
On my mom's side I'm Mexican, and my dad is a white dude.
I was born to a single mom and raised by her and my grandparents.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
For I can raise no money by vile means.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
All I ask is the chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money.
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue.
I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive.
We've got to put a lot of money into changing behavior.
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock.
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
If saving money is wrong, I don't want to be right!
Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory.
A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles.
Profit is sweet, even if it comes from deception.
Money: power at its most liquid.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
It is a waste of money to help those who show no desire to help themselves.
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money.
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.
Money's a horrid thing to follow, but a charming thing to meet.
A man with money is no match against a man on a mission.
Money is our madness, our vast collective madness.
Men make counterfeit money in many more cases, money makes counterfeit men.
No complaint... is more common than that of a scarcity of money.
Wealth flows from energy and ideas.
I am fiercely loyal to those willing to put their money where my mouth is.
You have to go broke three times to learn how to make a living.
If I have enough money to eat I'm good.
Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
Marrying into money was not a good thing for me.
I'd rather lose my own money than someone else's.
If I can't get the girl, at least give me more money.
Do what you love and the money will follow.
It's all about the money.
What counts is what you do with your money, not where it came from.
A fool and his money are lucky enough to get together in the first place.
If money was my only motivation, I would organize myself differently.
I don't mind that I'm fat. You still get the same money.
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.
Civilized countries generally adopt gold or silver or both as money.
Don't judge me. I made a lot of money.
Money is a mechanism for control.
All money means to me is a pride in accomplishment.
In suggesting gifts: Money is appropriate, and one size fits all.
I don't think business news is just for old white men with money.
Fame, I have already. Now I need the money.
I don't spend much money on clothes I never did.
Sooner or later, we sell out for money.
I think that focusing on the money, on the business, is not enough.
I think everything depends on money.
Art for art's sake, money for God's sake.
Business is other people's money.
A fool and his money get a lot of publicity.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
We have the best government that money can buy.
I can make more generals, but horses cost money.
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.
Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations.
A fool and his money are soon elected.
I don't want to make money, I just want to be wonderful.
Government always finds a need for whatever money it gets.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
Time is money.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
A man is usually more careful of his money than he is of his principles.
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.
Remember that credit is money.
The use of money is all the advantage there is in having it.
Money often costs too much.
Money won't make you happy... but everybody wants to find out for themselves.
In any investment, you expect to have fun and make money.
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
Money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul.
To have done anything just for money is to have been truly idle.
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
When a man says money can do anything, that settles it: he hasn't got any.
We are the only real aristocracy in the world: the aristocracy of money.
Money is usually attracted, not pursued.
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money.
Money without brains is always dangerous.
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.
I'm sick of giving creeps money off my soul.
Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference.
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.
I mean, I do think at a certain point you've made enough money.
You reach a point where you don't work for money.
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
Money is like an arm or leg - use it or lose it.
It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.
The price we have to pay for money is sometimes liberty.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.
I can inspire people on how to use money, how to get economically powerful.
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues.
I know why they don't like me because they want the money I have.
Our money is bait money, and bait money is not to be used.
Why is there so much month left at the end of the money?
I'd have stopped writing years ago if it were for the money.
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.
Economy does not lie in sparing money, but in spending it wisely.
There's so little money in my bank account, my scenic checks show a ghetto.
A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction.
Flattery is a kind of bad money, to which our vanity gives us currency.
You know, people make a lot of money talking about me, don't they?
The sinews of war are infinite money.
Money is like manure, of very little use except it be spread.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
Nothing is so strongly fortified that it cannot be taken by money.
You can't get rid of poverty by giving people money.
No man but a blockhead ever wrote except for money.
A liberal is a man who is willing to spend somebody else's money.
I have a lot of money.
Brigands demand your money or your life women require both.
You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem.
A drinker has a hole under his nose that all his money runs into.
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.
The want of money is the root of all evil.
We shall never get people whose time is money to take much interest in atoms.
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Even with my divorce and with everything, I don't need money.
No money is better spent than what is laid out for domestic satisfaction.
The more money an American accumulates, the less interesting he becomes.
Bargain... anything a customer thinks a store is losing money on.
Nobody works as hard for his money as the man who marries it.
Be the business never so painful, you may have it done for money.
Money may not buy happiness, but it can damn well give it!
It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.
Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric.
People first, then money, then things.
In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money.
When an actor has money he doesn't send letters, he sends telegrams.
Sincerity: willingness to spend one's own money.
Kindness eases everything almost as much as money does.
Books are the money of Literature, but only the counters of Science.
He who controls the money supply of a nation controls the nation.
I'm hopeless with money I simply spend what I've got.
My goal isn't to make money, it's to try and survive and make a point.
The thing that differentiates man from animals is money.
I'm not really interested in making money.
Money is to my social existence what health is to my body.
Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.
The passion for money is never fickle.
To understand someone, find out how he spends his money.
If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man.
I don't talk about money.
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.
All money is a matter of belief.
Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
No, not rich. I am a poor man with money, which is not the same thing.
What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves.
It ain't often that a man's reputation outlasts his money.
Money will buy a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail.
You shouldn't have to have money to have a luxury fragrance.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
Capitalism is using its money we socialists throw it away.
I can't afford to die I'd lose too much money.
You can be young without money but you can't be old without it.
I don't want to make money I want to make a difference.
People will always choose more money over more sex.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.
There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either.
I am not a pig farmer. The pigs had a great time, but I didn't make any money.
We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back.
No man's credit is as good as his money.
Of course, I do everything for money.
I don't care about money.
Money is something that can be measured art is not. It's all subjective.
Art usually only makes the news in America when the subject is money.
Jerry SaltzMy Vegas act is how I make my money.
We need to stop spending money we don't have.
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
Work isn't to make money you work to justify life.
Money couldn't buy friends, but you got a better class of enemy.
Spare no expense to save money on this one.
The key to making money is to stay invested.
A fool and her money are soon courted.
Money and fame made me believe I was entitled. I was wrong and foolish.
The only point in making money is, you can tell some big shot where to go.
I never left France for Hollywood nor stashed my money in Switzerland.
Having money is rather like being a blond. It is more fun but not vital.
It's our money, and we're free to spend it any way we please.
Only the elites despise earning money.
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
I have too much money invested in sweaters.
Money is like hormones. It's just how you feel on any given day.
I have no idea how much money I've got.
I like my money right where I can see it... hanging in my closet.
Nothing that is God's is obtainable by money.
Money is just the poor man's credit card.
Money is a poor man's credit card.
I don't need the money, dear. I work for art.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep.
I don't like begging money from producers.
Expensive clothes are a waste of money.
What's my motto when it comes to money? Don't put so much emphasis on it!
And also there wasn't much money in television in those days anyhow.
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
Money makes your life easier. If you're lucky to have it, you're lucky.
I have a lot of money stashed away, but I do live my life from day to day.
If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil.
They got married, they got divorced, and half their money goes out the window.
I always say, 'People first, then money, then things.'
Sensitivity and money are like parallel lines. They don't meet.
For my scale, how I grew up and live my life, I'm making plenty of money.
Beth DittoGoddam money. It always ends up making you blue as hell.Money just draws flies.Things are done according to money these days.If the money's right, I'll do a film.You must spend money to make money.I know where I'm putting my money.Money doesn't buy class.I'm not broke. Like everybody else, I owe money.That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once: It said, 'Goodbye'.You want to give people a reason to hate my guts more? I'm making more money.
I just spend my money on the essentials. Just basically food and shelter.
I don't make decisions based on money.
Human beings are much bigger than just making money.
Money changes all the iron rules into rubber bands.
There is no correlation between happiness and amounts of money.
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
Let's be honest, I have enough money to never have to work again.
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
Money for me today does not really matter.
When I was young I didn't care about education, just money and box office.
You need to do the work to bring the money in, but not compromise standards.
I don't come from money.
I could easily exist on less money, but I like the way I live now.
I'll come to any benefit if I see SCLC get all the money.
Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets.
Big money is ruining the political system.
Money won is twice as sweet as money earned.
If I had been on 'Bowling for Dollars,' I'd wind up owing them money.
I was very fortunate that I saved my money and I still do.
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.
There is nothing so habit-forming as money.
Time will take your money, but money won't buy time.
Photography is more about money now but then so are most things.
Neither money nor position can atone to me for low birth.
What is there that money will not do?
When it comes to money nobody should give up anything.
One thing I have clear is that I don't want to work for money anymore.
Money speaks, but it speaks with a male voice.
Money does not guarantee success.
Nothing except the mint can make money without advertising.
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening.
The sun is new each day.
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise.
Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them.
It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.
Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.
It's always such a joy that you wake up in the morning and there's work to do.
Good morning is a contradiction of terms.
I had a monumental idea this morning, but I didn't like it.
I love the smell of juice boxes in the morning.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.
Never face facts if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
Tell him he can have my title, but I want it back in the morning.
We could hardly wait to get up in the morning.
It was a splendid summer morning and it seemed as if nothing could go wrong.
The person who doesn't scatter the morning dew will not comb gray hairs.
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
My mother had morning sickness after I was born.
Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning.
My children are the reason I laugh, smile and want to get up every morning.
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
A bachelor is a man who comes to work each morning from a different direction.
What inspires you, what excites you when you wake up in the morning?
Jerry SaltzYou have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights.To simply wake up every morning a better person than when I went to bed.By Thursday morning, we'd gotten over the worst of it.I woke up this morning, and I still don't believe I won the Daytona 500.Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.In the morning, I practice 15 minutes of yoga.Every morning I wake up and thank God.I pray every night before I go to sleep and every morning when I wake up.I'm actually one of those people who get up energetic in the morning.I became a musician so I wouldn't have to get up at 6 in the morning.You won't see me in a better mood than 4:00 in the morning on my way to work.If I want to get work done, that's usually about 3 in the morning.I see myself at 7:30 in the morning and it's not too pretty.I am not a morning person. I like to sleep in.
What's the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning? Wish I hadn't.
George Edward WoodberryI do yoga every morning, then I run for half an hour and take a sauna.I get up in the morning looking for an adventure.I wake up every morning and I wish I were dead, and so does Jim.No city should be too large for a man to walk out of in a morning.I get up at the same time every morning.Early this morning, I signed my death warrant.
Jane PauleyWe awoke one morning in September, and the world lurched on its axis.Every morning I wake at 6am or 6.30am, champing at the bit.
Couldn't start the morning without caffeine.
I'm not a morning person. I'm really not.
When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes.
I was a government employee in the morning and a writer in the evening.
I am not a morning person.
Now, on nights that I can't sleep, I play video games alone until the morning.
Yes, I still love 'South Park,' but I also love morning TV now.
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning.
A real New Yorker likes the sound of a garbage truck in the morning.
Waking up with a bad head in the morning is difficult sometimes.
Yeah, I'm not really a morning person.
It seems a long time since the morning mail could be called correspondence.
I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me.
It's such a luxury to be able to be happy about going to work in the morning.
You say something stupid and the next morning you're in the headlines.
My ideal is to wake up in the morning and run around the meadow naked.
I wake up every morning singing 'The Star-Spangled Banner.'
We live under a government of men and morning newspapers.
Work is a prayer, and I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator.
I squeeze oranges every morning to make juice.
You feel a little older in the morning. By noon I feel about 55.
In the morning, I reach for the sports page.
On my morning run, I listen to sports talk radio.
I can't record in the morning because I sound like Barry White.
Bagel in the morning is the ultimate breakfast for me they're just good.
We have this morning dropped anchor, just off Williamstown.
I often write either really early in the morning, or really late at night.
I had no occasion for an apron on that morning.
In New York, I like it when you can get bagels at 3 in the morning.
Not in the mornings, I'm always so tired in the morning.
Getting out of bed in the morning is an act of false confidence.
I had been found in a mud puddle at 4:30 in the morning.
John Ford was so funny that I couldn't wait to go to work in the morning.
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.
This morning's scene is good and fine, Long rain has not harmed the land.
I don't think I'm going to do any good work this morning.
I just motor through school in the morning and then go skating.
I go jogging for 25 minutes every morning, even if I'm away from home.
I'm on VH1 now, will be working on ITV's This Morning again from September.
I m up at 5 in the morning and in bed by 10 in the evening.
I start work at 5 in the morning and I have a wicked insomnia problem.
Work is a prayer. And I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator.
Homer is new this morning, and perhaps nothing is as old as today's newspaper.
I have glaucoma, so use eye drops both morning and night.
Every morning I wake up with new ideas.
You really have to be a morning person if you want to be a teacher.
Sometimes, I sit down to sketch at the unearthly hour of 3 in the morning!
We had cocktail parties and I'd stay up until 5 in the morning.
I have a family and two cats I get up with my kids early in the morning.
I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up.
I love classical music and often listen to symphonies or opera in the morning.
I used to spend every morning in detention at my old school.
I like to wake up each morning feeling a new man.
You have to wake up a virgin each morning.
For 50 years, acting was the reason I got up in the morning.
I'm not really a morning person.
The next morning we saw nothing of the enemy, though we were still lying to.
In the morning on Sunday, a drum is sounded at about 8 o'clock.
If I don't fish in the morning, I fish in the evening.
You can't set a hen in one morning and have chicken salad for lunch.
Richard Henry HorneBe kind whenever possible. It is always possible.If you're going through hell, keep going.After a storm comes a calm.You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.If you can dream it, you can do it.Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.Either you run the day or the day runs you.Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Well done is better than well said.Always desire to learn something useful.Quality is not an act, it is a habit.Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.Never complain and never explain.Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.It's always too early to quit.You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.Who seeks shall find.Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.Know or listen to those who know.What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.Leap, and the net will appear.The most effective way to do it, is to do it.Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.To know oneself, one should assert oneself.You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after the other.Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?I can, therefore I am.You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.Only the educated are free.Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.Wherever you are - be all there.To be a good loser is to learn how to win.Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.The wise does at once what the fool does at last.We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.If you've got a talent, protect it.Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.The dog that trots about finds a bone.If you think you can do it, you can.One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.Do not weep do not wax indignant. Understand.There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.You never know what motivates you.Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.Film spectators are quiet vampires.Am I a romantic? I've seen 'Wuthering Heights' ten times. I'm a romantic.There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education.A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.If my films don't show a profit, I know I'm doing something right.I never enjoyed working in a film.Everything makes me nervous - except making films.A wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad.So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year?Cinema is the most beautiful fraud in the world.A lot of movies are about life, mine are like a slice of cake.Movies are like an expensive form of therapy for me.Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award.A film is a petrified fountain of thought.I don't take the movies seriously, and anyone who does is in for a headache.Every great film should seem new every time you see it.Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's out.Even if I set out to make a film about a fillet of sole, it would be about me.The secret to film is that it's an illusion.Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.Everyone told me to pass on Speed because it was a 'bus movie."
Film lovers are sick people.
Most of us do not consciously look at movies.
Everybody's a filmmaker today.
I'm married to the theater but my mistress is the films.
If you don't like my movies, don't watch them.
There's an electrical thing about movies.
I make movies I want to see.
Movies are an art form that is very available to the masses.
Every single art form is involved in film, in a way.
When you make a film you usually make a film about an idea.
And in movies you must be a gambler. To produce films is to gamble.
Nobody makes movies bad on purpose.
Jerry OrbachWe are the movies and the movies are us.Everything I learned I learned from the movies.Movies are a fad. Audiences really want to see live actors on a stage.Movies are all about plot. Theater, even if it's story heavy, it's about ideas.Theater has to resonate in your heart in a way that movies don't.If you just love movies enough, you can make a good one.All my movies are achingly personal.I don't really have a schedule of when I want to show my children my movies.I have been pregnant in so many movies it's ridiculous.I can be in 20 movies. But I'll never be an actor.
Movies have takes. But plays are like life - you don't really get takes.
My movies are okay, but they're not my specials.
I'm not bragging but my movies have grossed well over a billion dollars.
Movies are like magic tricks.
I'm used to watching old movies of myself.
Movies are very subjective.
My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else.
I think less is more when it comes to kissing in the movies.
The best movies are simple.
Nobody makes movies like Oliver Stone.
I'm not a strikingly handsome guy, but I'm in movies.
Those movies sure got me into a rut.
Too much TV hurts movies.
Funny things happen to you in movies for silly reasons.
Even the worst Bond movies, there's something to love about them.
Frankly, I got into the movies because I like the movies a lot.
I really don't have favorites I'm just a fan of movies, period.
Hollywood is throwing action movies at me.
I have a lot of repression. So repression is what I make movies about.
Making movies is a way of understanding myself and the world.
Movies make you immortal and ageless.
I will make action movies, I think, for a few more years, another five years.
I think it's better to be involved in one or two movies a year.
Robots have a rich and storied history in movies.
Well, everyone likes movies when they're a little kid.
I really like children to watch my movies.
I've choreographed all of my movies.
People need to start to think about the messages that they send in the movies.
I do not quote my own movies. I think I would be pretty insufferable if I did.
I don't know why, but I've always been a sucker for roller coasters in movies.
I like very much to do movies.
I love scary movies. I like blood and gore, and I love Halloween movies.
I like movies I can relate to.
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.
Obviously, I'm attracted to heavier movies.
I want to be in movies that stand the test of time.
You're creating new things in movies and people are going to steal them.
When you're making movies you've got to get obsessive.
I guess you could say I've been in my share of violent movies.
I always wanted to make movies.
I'm not a film buff. I don't watch a lot of movies.
Growing up I didn't watch movies.
I'm not impressed by someone's degree... I'm impressed by them making movies.
My favorite characters are the ones that are the most successful movies.
I have been in movies that I thought I wasn't very good in.
I aim for a lifetime full of movies.
I've turned down twentysomething million dollars for movies.
A lot of movies treat kids like idiots.
I've always wanted to make movies.
I think ever since I was preteen I wanted to direct movies and tell stories.
I want to make timeless movies.
I've done many different movies in many different contexts.
It's just as hard... staying happily married as it is doing movies.
I've made over 20 movies, and 5 of them are good.
My movies are important on an economic basis, on an artistic basis.
When people ask me what makes movies great, it's the material.
All my movies got screwed up because of my personality.
Over the years with movies, I've given directors notes.
Audiences want to see intelligent movies.
You know, my movies are important on an economic basis, on an artistic basis.
Movies are open doors, and at every door, I change character and life.
All I do is go to the movies.
I don't make movies thinking: 'Oh, this is going to be a huge box-office hit.'
I like the good feeling movies.
I do like to move and get physical in my movies.
I have eclectic tastes in the movies I want to do.
I do enjoy animated movies.
I like four-hour movies.
I like making movies for myself and my friends and people with my sensibility.
I just love movies.
The thing about the UK is we don't really make that many great movies.
It's something I never dreamed I'd be doing, making movies.
Jet was very busy. I've been inspired by a lot of his movies.
Movies are different from real life.
Movies absorb our attention more completely, I think.
My passion is doing movies, so as long as I keep doing that I will be happy.
Reality TV looks more like America than movies do.
I've played a lot of mothers in my movies.
I, for one, am tired of seeing movies about men damaging each other.
I love going to movies.
I grew up on Bette Davis movies, and Marlene Dietrich, Marilyn Monroe.
I don't think we're living in great times for movies, to tell you the truth.
I don't generally do movies that get good reviews.
Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.
The irony is that you can't use real rain to make movies.
Channing TatumI still think that movies are amazing I respect actors and directors.
I don't really care where movies come from as long as they're worth making.
I'm a fan of action movies.
I love vampire movies. I think they are sexy.
But most good movies have a gun in them.
I love doing roles and movies that are different from each other.
Not everybody goes to movies to get their life changed.
I really don't have any solutions and I don't like movies that do.
I'm blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.
Live theater to me is much more free than the movies or television.
All my movies, like Revenge, are under two hours.
I do believe that movies are subject to a million interpretations.
I'm scared of scary movies.
I think I made good movies.
I like movies that are about real people in real time with real problems.
I didn't have any ambition to produce big mainstream popcorn movies.
I have to say I regretted giving up animated movies.
I love crying at romantic movies like 'The Notebook.' I'm always bawling.
All movies assault the viewer in one way or another.
The movies and the parts I'm being offered are becoming better and better.
Kellan LutzI really liked Carrie a lot. That was one of Brian De Palma's best movies.Each one of my movies becomes easier to get off the ground.I do sort of gravitate towards smaller, indie-type movies.
I don't like doing movies, period. Movies are hard. I like TV.
I'm also doing constant book readings, movies. You name it, I'm doing it.
I don't enjoy movies in 3D. I find I can't engage with the story as well.
I like high impact movies.
Greg KinnearI want to be around for a long time, singing and making albums and movies.I don't direct movies for a living.I've made some bad movies. And I really enjoyed it!I want to make movies about my country from my point of view.Music in movies is all about dissonance and consonance, tension and release.I honestly don't love the Cheech and Chong movies, I've got to say.I've seen a lot of movies get made where no one has control. No one likes it.I always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad making art, making movies.If I do three movies in a year, I don't feel like acting ever again.I like movies about failing.
Movies are an expensive business.
I cast unusual people in my movies.
Movies are movies: they take you back in time, and how it still is for some.
I was always attracted to science fiction movies.
Making movies is just like betting on horses at the racetrack.
It just proves good movies don't need 100 million dollars to be good.
Why should you have to atone for making big movies?
You can figure out who you were by which movies you loved when.
I like being in kids' movies, and I like being in family movies.
The movies were custard compared to politics.
My agent said, 'You aren't good enough for movies.' I said, 'You're fired.'
I don't make movies because I think audiences will want to go see them.
All my good movies, nobody sees.
Movies are movies, television is television.
I don't like to watch my own movies - I fall asleep in my own movies.
Luis Bunuel made great movies.
I'm terrible at horror movies, by the way. I get scared so easily.
If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts.
I love European movies and I kind of grew up on European films.
I love making movies, but there's nothing like being in front of an audience.
I made about 28 movies, and I think about five of them were good.
I grew up watching Steven Spielberg and scary movies.
Even in the former Soviet Union, they have good copies of my movies.
My normal cycle for movies is eighteen months and each part is separate.
Maybe when I stop making movies, I'll understand my work better.
The thing that's protected me creatively is that the movies have made profits.
I manage to hide in my movies.
I love scary movies. The Shining and Don't Look Now are two of the best.
When I started doing movies, every crew member was older than me.
I had always loved beautiful and artistic things, though before leav
Exploration is really the essence of the human spirit.
  that is the natural spirit body...
 if the seed endures, the energy enduresTomorrow is a satire on today, And shows its weakness.
A soul without reflection, like a pile Without inhabitant, to ruin runs.
By all means use some time to be alone.
Too low they build who build below the skies.
It takes vision and courage to create-it takes faith and courage to prove.
 aspiration, unselfishness, the only real religion.
  yet all this is but One.
Temptation is the fire that brings up the scum of the heart.
 love your fellowsWhen you doubt, abstain. 
 no children, no felicity.
 he has a thousand who has overcome it.
Mind unemployed is mind unenjoyed.
Kindness is a language the dumb canspeak and the deaf can hear and understand.
Fate is not an eagle, it creeps like a rat. 
When you love someone all your saved-up wishes start coming out.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
In war there is no prize for runner-up.
Neutrality is at times a graver sin than belligerence.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Love is a great beautifier.
 man eats. Only the man of intellect and judgment knows how to eat. 
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
The tragedy of life is not that man loses but that he almost wins.
 but is not the fruit of pain.
Whoso loves Believes the impossible.
If thou must love me, let it be for nought<
Love is energy of life.
Who hears music, feels his solitude peopled at once.
If at first you don't succeed you're running about average.
 it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Everything changes, nothing remains without change. 
  second, to cease being sick  second, to cease being sick foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.
If a man's mind becomes pure, his surroundings will also become pure. 
 everything is in relation to everything else.
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Chance happens to all, but to turn chance to account is the gift of few.
 but if he has only one enemy, he is lucky indeed if he has not one too many.
 the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best.
 in literature, the oldest.  The classic literature is always modern.
If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.
 every eye, looking on, finds its own.
 but last gives place to nothing, for there is not another to succeed.
Among a people generally corrupt liberty cannot long exist.
 he indulges it, he loves itI'm at that age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.
Don't smother each other.  No one can grow in the shade.
Though analogy is often misleading, it is the least misleading thing we have.
There is no bore like a clever bore.
I do not mind lying, but I hate inaccuracy.
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.
Don't go through life, grow through life.
  For there is sin in the desire of sinAdversity is the first path to truth. 
So for a good old-gentlemanly vi
I had a dream, which was not all a dream.  
And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade.
He who is only just is cruel.  Who on earth could live were all judged justly?
Let none think to fly the danger for soon or late love is his own avenger.
Fare thee well!  and if for ever, Still for ever, fare thee well.
The power of Thought, the magic of the Mind!
 but to marry for love is to invite inevitable tragedy.
Follow Your Bliss.  
Beauty's tears are lovelier than her smile. 
There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn.
You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
 but often only by what it hopes, not by what it attains, or what it escapes.
 this world of his is emphatically the place of hope.
Humor has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
 on the confines of the two everlasting empires, necessity and free will.
  speech is shallow as Time. 
The eye sees what it brings the power to see.
We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles. 
When it is not necessary to change, it is necessary not to change.
 So much the better, you may laugh the more.
No one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
The same words conceal and declare the thoughts of men.
Everything beautiful has its moment and then passes away
Good actions ennoble us, we are the sons of our own deeds. 
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good.
The pen is the tongue of the mind.
 runs with one, walks gravely with anotherCelebrity is the chastisement of merit and the punishment of talent.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage.
 they have a singular aptitude for shredding rugs, drapes and upholsterySanely applied advertising could remake the world.
 without taste, genius is only sublime folly.
When an actor has money he doesn't send letters, he sends telegrams. 
The more refined one is, the more unhappy.
Whoever is in a hurry shows that the thing he is about is too big for him.
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.
Be wiser than other people if you can, but do not tell them so.
Hollywood is a place where people from Iowa mistake each other for a star.
No animal ever invented anything as bad as drunkeness or as good as drink. 
 they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
 but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it.
We ought to see far enough into a hypocrite to see even his sincerity.
 or it is no virtue at all.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Sincere advice may offend the ear but is beneficial to one?s conduct.
Honest advice is unpleasant to the ears.
Good words by the third time will even bore the dogs.
Never discuss public business while drinking.
Public business should be conducted publicly.
Business is thirty percent patience.
To believe in one's dreams is to spend all of one's life asleep. 
If I'm dreaming, never let me wake. If I'm awake, never let me sleep. 
Heaven lent you a soul Earth will lend a grave.
Mankind fears an evil man but heaven does not.
The nail that sticks out must be hammered down. 
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words.
On a journey of a hundred miles, ninety is but half way.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Going to law is losing a cow for the sake of a cat.
Laws control the lesser man...Right conduct controls the greater one.
Climb mountains to see lowlands.
The tongue like a sharp knife...Kills without drawing blood.
 Not vice...men entice themselves.
The pine stays green in winter...Wisdom in hardship.
The unassuming youth seeking instruction with humility gains good fortune.
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is the time to dare and endure. 
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
This is one of those cases in which the imagination is baffled by the facts.
There is no such thing as a good tax.
Oh!  how many torments lie in the small circle of a wedding ring.
 Beer and Wine remain.
The nobler a man, the harder it is for him to suspect inferiority in others.
That last day does not bring extinction to us, but change of place.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
What is thine is mine, and all mine is thine.
Glory follows virtue as if it were its shadow.
 all false pretences, like flowers, fall to the groundWe think a happy life consists in tranquility of mind.
 decency in giving them no offense.
Liberty consists in the power of doing that which is permitted by the law.
Nor has he spent his life badly who has passed it in privacy.
Nature abhors annihilation.
In everything satiety closely follows the greatest pleasures.
The safety of the people shall be the highest law.
The countenance is the portrait of the soul, and the eyes mark its intentions.
The noblest spirit is most strongly attracted by thelove of glory.
A dream is a wish your heart makes - When you're fast asleep.
War is a series of catastrophes which result in victory.
Precaution is better than cure.
Life is but thought.
Time spent with cats is never wasted.
But when ill indeed, Even dismissing the doctor don't always succeed.
 if moderately enjoyed, it beautifies, it refreshes, and it improves but love in friendship-never.
 if too small, they gall and pinch us adversity brings out the reverse of the picture.
They must often change who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
 riches and honours depend upon heaven.
 riches and honors depend upon heaven.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
Heaven means to be one with God.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
 the common man thinks of comfort.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
To see and listen to the wicked is already the beginning of wickedness.
 men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Advice is more agreeable in the mouth than in the ear.
Good advice is never as helpful as an interest-free loan.
Faith of the bore: everything is worth saying.
Never ask a bore a question.
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.
Change often makes accepted customs into crimes.
Change is upsetting. Repetition is tedious. Three cheers for variation!
I change my opinions often, but not my way of thinking.
Most of my decisions in life seem absent-minded but inevitable.
Prudence suspects that happiness is a bait set by risk.
In love, self-love is always at risk.
Wit puts politicians at risk.
Life is the risk we cannot refuse.
When understanding would be too difficult, I become trusting.
Every path to a new understanding begins in confusion.
Understanding replaces imaginary fears with real ones.
The business of America is business.
Prosperity is only an instrument to be used, not a deity to be worshipped.
Fraud and falsehood only dread examination.  Truth invites it.
Every man of courage is a man of his word.
 It is a flame which sinks for lack of fuel.
To conquer without risk is to triumph without glory.
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
Poverty wants some, luxury many, and avarice all things.
 He who defers his work from day to day, Does on a river's bank expecting stay The horse doth with the horseman away.
Every sin is the result of a collaboration.
 Oh why art thou silent, thou voice of my heart?
 public indigence side by side with private opulence bravery is a rampart of defense.
Age ... is a matter of feeling, not of years.
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
There is no such thing as justice - in or out of court.
 there is a soul of good in evil.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Never swap horses crossing a stream.
A great obstacle to happiness is to anticipate too great a happiness. 
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality. 
 thought becomes concrete, obscure, and unconscious. 
Truly, it is not want, but rather abundance, that breeds avarice.
Ambition is not a vice of little people.
Champagne is the only wine a woman can drink and still remain beautiful. 
We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.
We are almost always guilty of the hate we encounter.
Dream as if you'll live forever.  Live as if you'll die today.  
 so men are proved, by their speeches, whether they be wise or foolish.
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.
 We may our ends by our beginnings know.
 he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.
The road to success is filled with women pushing their husbands along.
The traveller has reached the end of the journey!
 give, if thou art asked for little and is good, self-possessed, has faith and is pureWise men argue causes, and fools decide them.
In Greece wise men speak and fools decide.
You can do anything with bayonets except sit on them.
 and what was rock before, becomes but sand and dust.
Beauty is not caused. It is. 
Unable are the Loved to die For Love is Immortality.
The first step towards philosophy is incredulity.
If you want me to believe in God, you must make me touch him.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
If you can DREAM 
Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret. 
Change is inevitable in a progressive country. Change is constant.
 ... change ... is inevitable.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
I have always thought that every woman should marry, and no man.
There is moderation even in excess.
Success is the child of audacity.
There is no index of character so sure as the voice.
The best way out of a difficulty is through it. 
You are young at any age if you're planning for tomorrow.
Aging is bad, but consider the alternative.
<
So live that you can look any man in the eye and tell him to go to hell.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.
It's amazing what God can do with a broken heart when given all the pieces.
The one who loves least controls the relationship.
If there is anything better than to be loved it is loving. 
Behind every successful man stands an amazed woman.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go.
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty dies. 
 every man is a piece of the Continent, a part of the mainLove built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
 and his first minute, after noon, is night.
O, if thou car'st not whom I love alas, thou lov'st not me.
If you become a success, you don't change everyone else does.
What is all wisdom save a collection of platitudes?
 it is my metaphysic, and my physic.
Accurst ambition, how dearly I have bought you.
  'tis but a word and a blow.
Honor is but an empty bubble.
Love is a passion which kindles honor into noble acts.
Beware the fury of a patient man.
Dancing is the poetry of the feet.
And plenty makes us poor.
Words are but pictures of our thoughts.
 it is the only advantage they have.
Everything that can be invented has been invented. 
Character is who you are when no one but GOD is looking.
Business? it?s quite simple: it?s other people?s money.
Nothing succeeds like success.
 women to make a beginning. 
Moral codes adjust themselves to environmental conditions.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
Sickness is a belief, which must be annihilated by the divine Mind.
  they came by work.
People are always ready to admit a man's ability after he gets there.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Education is a series of prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Gravity is not responsible for people falling in love.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
Pain is no evil unless it conquers us.
Observe your enemies, for they first find out your faults.
As iron is eaten by rust, so are the envious consumed by envy.
In a minute there is time<
If the probability of success is not almost one, then it is damn near zero.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
The sexual embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
 all tragedies, allennuis,vanish, - all duties even.
America is another name for opportunity.
Beauty without grace is the hook without the bait.
  it gives a higher pleasure than statues or picturesEvery hero becomes a bore at last.
Half a man's wisdom goes with his courage. 
What a new face courage puts on everything! 
Fate is nothing but the deeds committed in a prior state of existence.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
I hate the giving of the hand unless the whole man accompanies it.
To fill the hour - that is happiness.
 for the expression of all his history, and his wants.
The louder he talked of his honor the faster we counted our spoons.
A good indignation brings out all one's powers.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
All mankind loves a lover.
 when memory came, it was experienceAll I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen.
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods. 
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
Hitch your wagon to a star.
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.
 the real with the realThe sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
In a cat's eye, all things belong to cats.
Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away.
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds. 
 so have good grist at hand to grind, and keep the mill a-going.
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds.
Whom men fear they hate, and whom they hate, they wish dead.
 people of little wisdom ascribe to themselvesThere is nothing good or evil save in the will.
Liberty cannot be preserved without a general knowledge among the people.
Our life is what our thoughts make it
The misfortune of the wise is better than the prosperity of the fool. 
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
 all yields its place and goes.
In misfortune, what friend remains a friend? 
Ignorance of one's misfortunes is clear gain.
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
This is courage in a man: to bear unflinchingly what heaven sends.
Happiness is brief.  It will not stay.  God batters at its sails.
He is not a lover who does not love forever. 
It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity.
He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Concentrate on your job and you will forget your other troubles.
If you're naturally kind, you attract a lot of people you don't like.
Meditation is the soul's perspective glass...
 it makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.
 of mud and starsA time of disarray is also a moment of opportunity. 
  That when you get an easy thing, you find you haven't got it.
Now, in reality, the world have paid too great a compliment to criti
Success, as I see it, is a result, not a goal.
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment, Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost.
None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
Adolescence: a stage between infancy and adultery.
You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year.
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
The pride of dying rich raises the loudest laugh in hell.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
A person is never happy except at the price of some ignorance. 
The absent are never without fault, nor the present without excuse. 
Well done is better than well said. 
Beauty and folly are old companions.
Beware of meat twice boiled, and an old foe reconciled.
[I am] lord of myself, accountable to none. 
One today is worth two tomorrows.
 too severe, seldom executed.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
You can bear your own faults, and why not a fault in your wife?
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
Plough deep while sluggards sleep.
Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass.
The goal of all life is death.
Give me a firm place to stand, and I will move the earth.
Congress can raise taxes because it can persuade a sizable fraction of 
Poetry begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on.
We saw the risk we took in doing good,<
Nobody was ever meant To remember or invent What he did with every cent.
'Tis skill not strength that governs a ship.
The scalded cat fears even cold water. 
Business is the salt of life.
A man knows his companion in a long journey and a little inn.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
All truth is not to be told at all times.
Great hopes make great men.
Hatred is blind, as well as love. 
Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye.
More belongs to marriage than four legs in a bed.
Necessity dispenseth with decorum.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married- then he's finished. 
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
 for the hardest victory is over self.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence.
Doubt is the father of invention.
To quote is to think, to think is to learn, to learn is to live.
Adaptability is not imitation. It means power of resistance and assimilation.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
We win justice quickest by rendering justice to the other party.
 it is the prerogative of the brave.
The Vatican is a dagger in the heart of Italy.
Art is either a plagiarist or a revolutionist.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing. 
 it is a study of perfection.
I give the name violence to a boldness lying idle and enamored of danger.
 it is a habit to be acquired.
You cannot feed the hungry on statistics.
Who begins too much accomplishes little.
The meek shall inherit the earth, but not its mineral rights.
The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Those who weep recover more quickly than those who smile.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made.
Only the mediocre are always at their best.
Political thought in France is either nostalgic or utopian.
 the senses, the work and the doer comprise the threefold basis of action.
Action is the product of the Qualities inherent in Nature. 
Man is made by his belief.  As he believes, so he is.
Justice delayed, is justice denied.
 all movementis not forward.
Behavior is a mirror in which every one displays his image.
Man errs as long as he strives.
  it teaches better that book or orator.
Every step of life shows much caution is required.
The coward only threatens when he is safe.
To appreciate the noble is a gain which can never be torn from us.
 in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
 in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.
 nobody wants to grow.
 but it must be lived forwards.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation.
On every mountain height is rest.
Alas!  sorrow from happiness is oft evolved.
Nothing is more fearful than imagination without taste.
 in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.
One always has time enough, if one will apply it well.
A wise traveler never despises his own country.
 but crush'd or trodden to the ground, diffuse their balmy sweets around.
 and still, as darker grows the night, emits a brighter ray.
A wide screen just makes a bad film twice as bad.
Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life.
 for that we must have recourse to art.
Aspire rather to be a hero than merely appear one.
 her pleasure, pleasures to impart.
Avarice, sphincter of the heart.
Reason and the ability to use it are two separate skills.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
The carpenter is not the best who makesmore chips than all the rest.
To be on time is to be late. To be early is to be on time. 
I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country.
The delicate balance between modesty and conceit is popularity. 
Innocence is always unsuspicious.
 the grace of this rich jewel is lost in concealment.
Jesters do often prove prophets.
 to be so to the utmost of our abilities, is the glory of man.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
 whereas nothing rises quicker than dust, straw, and feathers.
Every man, either to his terror or consolation, has some sense of religion.
 it can never forgive the preaching of a new gosp
 it can never forgive the preaching of a new gospel. 
 it never forgives preaching of a new gospel.
 anyone who can consistently laugh at himself does not.
 adversity is a greater. Possession pampers the mindTo be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us. 
One shining quality lends a lustre to another, or hides some glaring defect.
The perfect joys of heaven do not satisfy the cravings of nature.
Learning is its own exceeding great reward.
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
  the last he does not concern himself about. 
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does.
God will forgive me. It's his profession.  
When I grow up I want to be a little boy.
One cat just leads to another.
Courage is grace under pressure. 
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
Men may scoff, and men may pray, but they pay every pleasure with a pain.
Give me Liberty or give me death!
Greater dooms win greater destinies.
 nothing remains.
Change alone is unchanging.
Character is destiny.
The eyes are more exact witnesses than the ears.
Much learning does not teach understanding.
Skill and confidence are an unconquered ar
Valor that parleys is near yielding.
  Lord of himself, though not of lands,  And leaving nothing, yet hath all.
Suspicion, Discontent, and Strife, Come in for Dowrie with a Wife.
The man who procrastinates struggles with ruin.
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. 
When an elephant is in trouble, even a frog will kick h
Excessive Humility is a sign of a scoundrel.
Extreme remedies are very appropriate for extreme diseases.
Everything in excess is opposed to nature.
Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
 from covetousness lust is bornForce and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
 they grow old because they quit playing.
To have doubted one's own first principles is the mark of a civilized man.
Nothing is so common-place as to wish to be remarkable.
Rough work, iconoclasm, - but the only way to get at truth.
 love droopsThe wit knows that his place is at the tail of a procession.
A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much.
Wise to resolve, and patient to perform.
To him who hearkens to the gods, the gods give ear.
A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much.
Change is not made without inconvenience, even from worse to better.
Being oppressed means the absence of choices.
Ambition: The glorious frailty of the noble mind.
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
Nothing's beautiful from every point of view.
The envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor.
It's a good thing to be foolishly gay once in a while.
Who then is free?  The wise man who can command himself.
That destructive siren, sloth, is ever to be avoided.
Fidelity is the sister of justice.
In labouring to be concise, I become obscure.
 it will cover up and conceal what is now shining in splendor.
 a mistress, if thou knowest not.
Adversity borrows its sharpest sting from our impatience.
 not I:  let God and man decree laws for themselves and not for me.
No man's credit is as good as his money.
 but they can't fool the neighbors.
I think that I am better than the people who are trying to reform me.
A man is usually more careful of his money than he is of his principles.
When a man says money can do anything, that settles it: he hasn't got any.
 you can still call him vile names.
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
The love we give away is the only love we keep. 
Punishment - The justice that the guilty deal out to those that are caught.
The man who knows it can?t be done counts the risk, not the reward.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
 perty and wealth have both failed. 
Kindness goes a long ways lots of times when it ought to stay at home.
Some people are so sensitive they feel snubbed if an epidemic overlooks them.
Some folks can look so busy doing nothin' that they seem indispensable.
If capital and labor ever do get together it's good night for the rest of us.
 adversity not without many comforts and hopes.
 but adversity doth best discover virtue. 
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils. 
Friends are thieves of time.
  and without it, man is a busy, mischievous, wretched thing.
 but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he will end in certainties.
Nature is often hidden, sometimes overcome, seldom extinguished.
Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion.
Money is like manure, of very little use except it be spread.
Never have partners.
 the greatest affliction of life is never to be afflicted.
Adversity makes men,and prosperity makes monsters.
There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come.
 change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
When dictatorship is a fact, revolution becomes a right.
 there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson.
Liberation is not deliverance.
 If you say you see the true, This seeing is not the true one.
Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
 epithets are the arguments of malice.
 that you have the right to explore all heights and all depthsThe greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
It takes time to build a castle
A woman's life is a history of the affections.
A woman's whole life is a history of the affections.
It is not enough to aim, you must hit.
One man with courage makes a majority.
Better risk loss of truth than chance of error.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
Our business is to have great credit and to use it little.
 without liberty, no happiness can be enjoyed by society.
The art of life is the art of avoiding pain.
A superintending power to maintain the Universe in its course and order.
I have sworn upon the altar of G
  and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses.
Love's like the measles, all the worse when it comes late.
The beautiful are never desolate, but someone always loves them.
Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you.
We have seen too much success to have become obsessed with failure.
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it. 
The chief glory of every people arises from its authors.
Bravery has no place where it can avail nothing. 
In lapidary inscriptions a man is not upon oath.
Secure, whate'er he gives, he gives the best.
 you have no business with consequences you are to tell the truth.
A man of genius has been seldom ruined but by himself.
 for there is in London all that life can afford.
The two offices of memory are collection and distribution.
 her attendants are Comfort, Neatness, and ActivityPatriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Men seldom give pleasure where they are not pleased themselves.
The first years of man make provision for the last.
  vengeance of justice.  Injuries are revengedMany things difficult to design prove easy to performance.
Words are but the signs of ideas.
We grow small trying to be great.
Stability is more essential to success than brilliance.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn?t.
Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook.
 but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism! 
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Kindness consists of loving people more than they deserve.
All are born to observe order, but few are born to establish it.
You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some with you.
It is easy to understand God as long as you don't try to explain him.
Evil and good are God's right hand and left.
  It is the one great woe of life  To feel all feeling die.
All Moanday, Tearday, Wailsday, Thumpsday, Frightday, Shatterday.
Rare is the union of beauty and purity.
No one ever reached the worst of a vice at one leap.
For women's tears are but the sweat of eyes.
 the stone, a plantIf man makes himself a worm he must not complain when he is trodden on.
The more things change, the more they remain the same. 
Scenery is fine - but human nature is finer.
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have o
Conformity is the enemy of thought and the jailer of freedom.
The surest way to be late is to have plenty of time. 
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
  And yesterday's sneer and yesterday's frown Can never come over again.
My heart that was rapt away by the wild cherry blossoms
People are like stained-glass windows.<b
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
  add that to cunning, and it is knavery.
Silence is the wit of fools.
Love lessens a woman's delicacy and increases a man's.
A pious man is one who would be an atheist if the king were.
It is double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
O tyrant love, when held by you, We may to prudence bid adieu. 
 luck that of the people.
There is great ability in knowing how to conveal one's ability.
 just as the wind blows out candles, but kindles fires.
Avarice is more directly opposed to thrift than generosity is.
We often forgive those who bore us, but we cannot forgive those whom we bore.
Cunning and treachery are the offspring of incapacity.
Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
Plenty of people wish to become devout, but no one wishes to be humble. 
There is only one sort of love, but there are a thousand copies.
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen.
There may be good, but there are no pleasant marriages. 
 but present evils triumph over it.
The virtues are lost in self-interest as rivers are lost in the sea.
Our virtues are most frequently but vices disguised.
  nor too far off, lest he freeze.
The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance.
Credulity is the man's weakness, but the child's strength.
Ambition is but avarice on stilts, and masked. 
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Life's more amusing than we thought.
 He who speaks does not know.  He who is truthful is not showyThe softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world.
 Earth by unity has become steady  prudence, at last.
Be a good animal. True to your extincts.
Men! The only animal in the world to fear. 
The great mass of humanity should never learn to read or write.
Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.
You?re a business idea in the shape of a man.
Morality is either a social contract or you have to pay cash.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Everyone wants to be Cary Grant... I want to be Cary Grant.  
Dream- a scintillating mirage surrounded by shadows- is essentially poetry
 it's something you remember. 
 and it you don't have it, it doesn't much matter what else you ha
 and if you don't have it, it doesn't much matter what else you have. 
Go to the truth beyond the mind.  Love is the bridge.
It?s so much easier to pray for a bore than to go and see one.
 a real genius has his original ideas closer together.
 for such, indeed, has become the injunction: You Must Adjust.
The four stages of man are: Infancy, Childhood, Adolescence and obsolescence.
You never realize how short a month is until you pay alimony.
In great straits and when hope is small, the boldest counsels are the safest.
We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them.
The discipline of desire is the background of character.
All wealth is the product of labor.
Don't tax me, don't tax thee, tax the man behind the tree!
The nearer the dawn the darker the night. 
 affection never was wasted.
 but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
Joy, temperance, and repose, slam the door on the doctor's nose.
 Dust thou art, to dust returnest,  Was not spoken of the soul.
 it is not bought.
The counterfeit and counterpart Of Nature reproduced in art.
A thought often makes us hotter than a fire.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart Giveth grace unto every Art.
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief she is beautiful.
Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
  and true progress is to know more, and be more, and to do more.
The gods conceal from men the happiness of death, that they may endure life.
Some men by ancestry are only the shadow of a mighty name.
Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try. (Yoda, Star Wars)
Success is that old ABC
And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?
 if Satan mounts it, it wishes and goes as Satan willsWars are caused by undefended wealth.
I do not know the dignity of his birth, but I do know the glory of his death.
In business you get what you want by giving other people what they want.
One who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived.
Politics have no relation to morals.
Freedom is the right to one's dignity as a man.
Communism destroys democracy.  Democracy can also destroy Communism.
Do not the most moving moments of our lives find us without words? 
 sometimes by reason of their defects as well as of their qualities.
 but it never seems to teach them anything.
 give me the man who living makes a name.
An honest man is always a child.
Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough.
A man's only as old as the woman he feels.
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs.
 the thing, however, is to change it.
They change, and we, who pass like foam,<
If at first you don't succeed, blame it on the teach
 Only in our blindness we gather thorns for flowers.
No affectation of peculiarity can conceal a common place mind. 
A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt everyday.
Change is the only constant. Hanging on is the only sin.
The man who has the will to undergo all labor may win to any good.
The cat has too much spirit to have no heart.
Every duty is a charge, but the charge of oneself is the root of all others.
  he simply abides in the right.
No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.  
Of all escape mechanisms, death is the most efficient.
A celebrity is one who is known to many persons he is glad he doesn't know.
Love: the delusion that one woman differs from another.
The essence of a self-reliant and autonomous culture is an unshakable egoism.
That dise
 it will not last the night what is new, that is, different, is evil, dangerous, or subversive. 
In expanding the field of knowledge we but increase the horizon of ignorance.
It?s a sad truth that everyone is a bore to someone.
 Himself his own dungeon.
 you cannot bereave him of his covetousness.
Marriage is three parts love and seven parts forgiveness of sins.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.
You sparkle with larceny.
Life's a tough proposition, and the first hundred years are the hardest.
 if you steal from many it's research.
The absence of the beloved, short though it may last, always lasts too long.
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.
It is not death, it is dying that alarms me.
Death, they say, acquits us of all obligations.
Confidence in the goodness of another is good proof of one's own goodness.
I do myself a greater injury in lying than I do him of whom I tell a lie.
One may be humble out of pride.
'Tis the sharpness of our mind that gives the edge to our pains and pleasures.
My trade and art is to live.
Hath God obliged himself not to exceed the bounds of our knowledge?
The world is but a perpetual see-saw.
... high salaries equals happiness equals project success.
Old age is life's parody.
  All that's sweet was made  But to be lost when sweetest.
 But now I mourn that ever I knew  A girl so fair and so deceiving.
 to man, who dimly sees, realities appear as dreams, and dreams realities.
 it requires so much attention.
 Be bold, proclaim it everywhere:  They only live who dare.
How far high failure overleaps the bounds of low success.
But boundless risk must pay for boundless gain. 
The world is divided into people who do things and people who get the credit.
Business, old man, I said, retire from business, it has retired from you
Socialism is a fraud, a comedy, a phantom, a blackmail.
 it must have hope for nourishment.
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
Forethought we may have, undoubtedly, but not foresight.
Progress might have been all right once but it has gone on too long.
One man is equivalent to all Creation.  One man is a World in miniature.
To love one that is great, is almost to be great one's self.
The art of a people is a true mirror to their minds.
Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning.
But that's what being an artist <i>is</i>
Ability hits the mark where presumption overshoots and diffidence falls short.
Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity.
People demand freedom only when they have no power.
He who cannot give anything away cannot feel anything either.
Distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful.
Success has always been a great liar.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
The successful leader does not talk down to people. He lifts them up.
 not to make us sorry but wise.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nat
Well-married, a man is winged: ill-matched, he is shackled.
I think there?s a difference between a gamble and a calculated risk.
All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others. 
The dog was created especially for children. He is the god of frolic. 
To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.
Beware of him who hates the laugh of a child.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.
 and a mean man, by one lower than himself. The one produces aspirationI love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensation.
 the one brings fuel, the other blows it till it burns clear.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body. 
Deadly poisons are concealed under sweet honey.
Everyone wishes that the man whom he fears would perish.
Love and dignity cannot share the same abode. 
 in the stream where you least expect it there will be a fish.
 but a newly felt power carries me off in spite of myselfTime, motion and wine cause sleep.
Many women long for what eludes them, and like not what is offered them.
 character is what God and angels know of us.
 and ignorance submits to whatever is dictated to it.
  he knew things are not as they seem.  The dream is his real lifeHumility is a virtue, and it is a virtue innate in guests. 
There is much to be said for failure. It is more interesting than success.
Most women are not as young as they are painted.
Age before beauty ... And pearls before swine. 
 change one letter and it's the story of my life.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are "cheque enclosed".
Success is being nothing but a quote.
 force without justice is tyrannical.
  and defects, to show that she is only his image.
Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
 it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
God forgives us. ... Who am I not to forgive?
Facts are the air of scientists. Without them you can never fly.
Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
 but see that thou lovest what is lovely.
 revenge and malice swell her tra
Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Time is the wisest counsellor.
The drowning man is not troubled by ra
 a contrary wind raises it higher. 
Everyone ought to bear patiently the results of his own conduct.
True it is that covetousness is rich, modesty starves.
We live under a government of men and morning newspapers.
Insurrection of thought always precedes insurrection of arms.
One must act in painting as in life, directly.
 for the mind, mathematical and practical TruthKnowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
Pleasure is the bait of sin.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Poetry comes nearer to vital truth than history. 
When there is an income tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust l
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Managing senior programmers is like herding cats.
 the known evil is best.
Conquered, we conquer.
Bad conduct soils the finest ornament more than filth.
Friendship is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
He who seeks for gain, must be at some expense.
With man, most of his misfortunes are occasioned by man.
Water continually dropping will wear hard rocks hollow.
Philosophy is the art of living.
 for the one is only belief - the other contempt.
A few vices are sufficient to darken many virtues.
A strong mind always hopes, and has always cause to hope.
A bee is not a busier animal than a blockhe
 it is not only needless, but impairs what it would improve
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
 In Wit a manHealth consists with temperance alone.
 Blunt truths more mischief than nice falsehoods do.
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished.
Deploring change is the unchangeable habit of all Englishmen.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it. 
A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.
 they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
The woman cries before the wedding, the man after. 
The most dangerous food is a wedding cake. 
 and he who has hope, has everything.
 when a son gives to his father, both cry.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy.
 this is an observation of the Middle Way.
 for where thou hast pleased thyself, there thou abidest. 
 he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
I have seen the future and it's like the present, only longer. 
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago. 
 it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.
Give the enemy not only a road for flight, but also a means of defending it.
 But he that is in battle slain, Will never rise to fight again.
Misery loves company.
 a smile is its sword. 
 in the real world there are only individuals.
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
People who hate cats, will come back as mice in their next life.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing. 
  try to use ordinary situations. 
  it is a self-preached sermon.
As every cat owner knows, nobody owns a cat.
I was born in 1962. True. And the room next to me was 1963.
 so live and laugh, nor be dismayed as one by one the phantoms go.
I believe that thrift is essential to well-ordered living.
Love begets love. This torment is my joy.
I never met a man I didn't like.
There is no more independence in politics than there is in jail. 
I guess the only way to stop divorce is to stop marriage. 
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
 we now know that it is bad economics.
 but never hit softly.
I'm not a good shot, but I shoot often.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
  She I love is far away. 
A country cannot subsist well without liberty, nor liberty without virtue.
There?s no business like show business.
Success is one unpardonable sin against one's fellows.
No bounds his head long, vast ambition knows.
Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible.
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility.
In general, pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes.
Success is a public affair. Failure is a private funeral.
 change is indubitable, whereas progress is a matter of controversy.
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.
Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power.
 and the steadiness of his mind beareth him out.
  so shall his life be taken away before he knoweth that he hath it.
 so the fortitude of a man shall sustain him through all perils.
 even so the greater is the goodness, the less doth it covet praise  her maxims are universal, and all the virtues lean upon her  strive to raise thyself above him only by excelling himTime is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. 
 the good fortune of the bad bows their heads down to the earth.
It takes two to make a marriage a success and only one to make ita failure.
One approaches the journey?s end. But the end is a goal, not a catastrophe.
  but on awaking it vanishes.
  people are friends in spots.
Wisdom comes by disillusionment.
 because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does.
The existentialist says at once that man is anguish.
 he wants to play Hamlet when his appearance is more suitable to King Lear.
He who considers too much will perform little. 
That which is so universal as death must be a benefit.
Opposition always inflames the enthusiast, never converts him.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
Reverence for life affords me my fundamental principle of morality.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
To all, to each, a fair good-night, And pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
Be happy while you're living, for you're a long time dead. 
Humankind has not woven the web of life.<
 experience is what you get when you don't.
Doubt begins only at the last frontiers of what is possible. 
Syllables govern the world.
 prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
 but the good things that belong to adversity are to be admired.
 the weighty are struck du
It is the failing of youth not to be able to restrain its own violence.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Fate leads the willing and drags along the unwilling.
Whatever fortune has raised to a height, she has raised only to cast it down.
 for there is no grace in a benefit that sticks to the fingers.
A kingdom founded on injustice never lasts.
That grief is light which can take counsel.
Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.
To wish to be well is a part of becoming well.
A great mind becomes a great fortune.
There is no genius free from some tincture of madness.
If you wished to be loved, love.
He who has great power should use it lightly.
Nothing costs so much as what is bought by prayers.
 all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Time heals what reason cannot.
Time discovers truth.
All cruelty springs from weakness.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. 
Absence from those we love is self from self - a deadly banishment. 
As in a theatre, the eyes of m
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Adversity's sweet milk, philosophy.
Sweet are the uses of adversit
Vaulting ambition which o'er leaps itself.
 how infinite in facultiesHonesty coupled to beauty is to have honey a sauce to sugar. 
My business was great, and in such a case as mine a man may strain courtesy.
True nobility is exempt from fear.
The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch, Which hurts and is desired.
They that touch pitch will be defiled.
Men at some time are masters of their fates:<
He lives in fame that died in virtue's cause.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself a fool.
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
With devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar o'er the devil himself.
 knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
They do not love that do not show their love.
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better. 
Love is a spirit of all compact of fire.
 <
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs, <
Where every something, being blent together turns to a wild of nothing.
 the great ones eat up the little ones.
There is not one wise man in twenty that will praise himself. 
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, But in battalions.
The very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.
To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first.
Thought is free.
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
Desire of having is the sin of covetousness.
Lawless are they that make their wills their law.
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love.
I'm only a beer teetotaler, not a champagne teetotaler. I don't like beer.
Assassination is the extreme form of censorship. 
 and you say "Why?" But I dream things that never wereIf you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
If parents would only realize how they bore their children!
  our liberties destroy all freedomAn Englishman thinks he is moral when he is only uncomfortable.
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.
The love of economy is the root of all virtue.
 and the spirit cannot soar until the millstones are lifted.
Airy ambition, soaring high.
 Hope may vanish, but can die notThey only babble who practise not reflection.
<
Immortality--a fate worse than death.
Cats don't adopt people. They adopt refrigerators. 
Success is not forever, and failure is not fatal.
Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks.
He that hath knowledge spareth his words. (Proverbs 17:27)
The peace of God, which passeth all understanding. (Philippians, 4:7)
 for who can govern this your great people? (Hebrew, 1 Kings 3:9)
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
  do good.  Be kindyou will have everything.
Will is the dynamic soul-force.
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.
A person over age 65 who drinks says that his doctor recommends it.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be doing something wrong.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Ability is commonly found to consist mainly in a high degree of solemnity.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Bore. A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
Destiny: A tyrant's authority for crime and a fool's excuse for failure.
 but bringing friends to trouble is hard grief.
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
A lie never lives to be old.
There is a point at which even justice does injury.
Without labor nothing prospers.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed. 
Ambition is an idol, on whose wi
Call not that man wretched, who whatever ills he suffers, has a child to love.
Woe to the house where the hen crows and the rooster keeps still.
The secret of all victory lies in the organization of the non-obvious.
 Or weigh the light that in the east doth riseUnderstanding is the wages of faith.
A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
 on the contrary, they reciprocally season each other  to make happy, the true empire of beauty.
To be unable to bear an ill is itself a great ill.
Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.
Algebra is the metaphysics of arithmetic.
All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.
It is the mark of a good action that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success.
Children are the keys of paradise.
Eternity is a terrible thought. I mean, where's it going to end?  
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death. God is Jesus.
Exuberance is beauty.
He who bends to himself a joy<
 But he who kisses the joy as it files Lives in eternity's sun rise.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
Weakness is Death
Love in its essence is spiritual fire. 
We are rich only through what we give, and poor only through what we refuse.
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
 and learning is nothing but words And yet so strong, thou triumph'st o'er the wise.
 Let none but Him who rules the thunder Put this man and woman asunder. 
No one knows what he can do until hetries.
Learn to see in another's calamity the ills which you should avoid.
It is a good thing to learn caution by the misfortunes of others.
Fate is not satisfied with inflicting one calamity.
Nothing can be done at once hastily and prudently.
Some remedies are worse than the disease.
It is kindness to immediately refuse what you intend to deny.
Each day is the scholar of yesterday. 
You are in a pitiable condition if you have to conceal what you wish to tell.
Mighty rivers can easily be leaped at their source.
If you wish to reach the highest, begin at the lowest.
The Lamp burns bright when wick and oil are clean.
Old things are always in good repute, present things in disfavor.
Victor and vanquished never unite in substantial agreement.
Self-interest is the enemy of all true affection.
 falsehood by haste and uncertainty.
A bad peace is even worse than war.
A dream which is not interpreted is like a letter which is not read.
  scholar, the scholar.
 in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Everything comes if a man will only wait.
Advice you take from me comes to you crutched<
Property is not theft, but a good deal of theft becomes property.
The greatest problem about old age is the fear that it may go on too long.
A bore is a man who, when you ask him how he is, tells you.
 cats take a message and get back to you later.
Fear is the mother of foresight.
Ah! curst ambition! to thy lures we o
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.
The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams? 
I am a part of all that I have met.
A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. 
And out of darkness came the hands that reach thro' nature, moulding men.
Nature, red in tooth and claw.
No rock so hard but a little wave may beat admission in a thousand years.
Words, like nature, half reveal and half conceal the soul within.
 Then wept again the loss of all those years.
You believe that easily which you hope for earnestly.
When we are well, we all have good advice for those who are ill.
The strictest law sometimes becomes the severest injustice.
Only a great actor finds the difficulties of the actor?s art infinite.
 the curtain dro
?T is said that absence conquers lo
 for we are born in other's pain, and perish in our own.
'Tis easier for the generous to forgi
 Sermons and soda-water the day after.
 war is corruption and disgrace.
We should distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes.
Things do not change, we do.
 that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.  
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
We hate the kindness which we understand.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
 but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Time is but the stream I go a fishing in.
Nowadays men lead lives of noisy desperation.
Progress was all right. Only it went on too long.
Cunning...is but the low mimic of wisdom.
 we can reason on actualities, but not on possibilities.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
What a strange illusion it is to suppose that beauty is goodness.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
For fast acting relief try slowing down.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
I?m not in business to be loved, but I am in business.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
Not believing in force is the same as not believing in gravitation.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen. 
A good book is the best of friends, the same to-day and forever.
The choicest pleasures of life lie within the ring of moderation.
 but revelry is the same flower, when rank and running to seed.
There is a joy in sorrow which none but a mourner can know.
The tragedy of old age is not that one is old, but that one is young.
Man is the only man that blushes. Or needs to. 
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
 cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
When in doubt tell the truth.
We Americans... bear the ark of liberties of the world.
I don't know of a single foreign product that enters this country untax
Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it.
Prosperity is the surest breeder of insolence I know.
When it comes to winning, you need the skill and the will.
Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.
No one ever injured their eyesight from looking on the bright side of things.
Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
Age isn't important unless you're a cheese.
An asylum for the sane would be empty in America. 
A chronic disposition to inquiry deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.
Cats are like Baptists. They raise hell but you can't catch them at it. 
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
Cats aren't clean, they're just covered with cat spit.
Dogs believe they are human.  Cats believe they are God.
There is no snooze button on a cat who wants breakfast.
A child is a gift from God.  He is not an accident or a consequence. 
What you see depends on what you're looking for.
More important than how we live is how we spend each day.
The only way to see a rainbow is to look through the rain.
A smile is a light in the window of your face to show your heart is at home.
Knowledge is not achieved until shared.
Love is what the heart needs. 
If it's wrong to love you, then my heart just wont let me be right.
Love is perfect, even when we are not. 
A heart that loves is always young. 
There is only one sort of love but there are athousand of copies. 
Love doesn't cause pain, people do. 
If love is shelter, I'm going to walk in the rain.
You miss one hundred percent of the shots you never take!
He who never fell never climbed.
Success is more attitude then aptitude.
If you're not five minutes early, you're ten minutes late.
A minute now is better than a minute later.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like an orange.
 it is made of life and vision.  It is made of the earth and the waters without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. 
Ability is of little account without opportunity.  
Men take only their needs into consideration never their abilities.
A poem is never finished only abandoned
Time is of the essence, but what is the essence of time?
Age carries all things away, even the mind.
Go on and increase in valor, O boy! this is the path to immortality.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
There is no ache more deadly than the striving to be oneself. 
The multitude of books is making us ignorant.
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything.
 nothing can exist without a cause.
Whoever serves his country well has no need of ancestors.
Very often, say what you will, a knave is only a fool.
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
Poetry is the music of the soul, and, above all, of great and feeling souls.
To believe in God is impossible not to believe in Him is absurd.
 one must either chain it or flee from it.
When is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes. 
To save all we must risk all.
Truth exists for the wise, beauty for the feeling heart. 
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence - it is force.
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. 
There's always room at the top.
Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint.
We are all agents of the same supreme power, the people.
Heresies are experiments in man's unsatisfied search for truth.
Humanity either makes, or breeds, or tolerates all its afflictions.
I was pure as the driven snow, then I drifted.
Too much of a good thing can be taxing.
 but few to be on the side of truth.
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure. 
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
I don't desire to change anything in England except the weather.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
A Cynic is one who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
 the middle-aged suspect everything women because they are curious. Both are disappointed.
 men risk theirs.
Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
Only the shallow know themselves.
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
When the gods wish to punish us they answer our prayers.
Moderation is a fatal thing nothing succeeds like excess.
Ambition is the last refuge of failure.
Experience is the name that everyone gives to his mistakes.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
A bird in the hand is dead.
To love is to place our happiness in the happiness of another.
A good catchword can obscure analysis for fifty years.
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
Caution is the confidential agent of selfishness.
Nothing recedes like success.
 A grave to rest in, and a fading name!
Of what one cannot speak of that one must keep silent.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
We should never ever doubt what nobody is sure about.
We are thu music makers, the dreamers of dreams.
What is pride?  A whizzing rocket that would emulate a star.
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles. 
Curiosity killed the cat, but for awhile I was a suspect.  
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears.
